+++./ocr/result/10316882-2002-12-12-00006-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10316882	*** PAGE 1 *** JI n, CLAIM: A Protocol Data Unit (PDU) ﬁltering gateway comprising: a. :- sentry rule storage holding a plurality of sentry filtering rules; b. a dynamic rule storage holding a plurality of dynamic filtering rules; c. an extractor inspecting a received PDU received via a one of a private port and a public port, the extractor using extracted PDU information to formulate a PDU acceptance query; d. a comparator subjecting the PDU acceptance query to a combination of dynamic filtering rules and sentry filtering rules; and e. a forwarder selectively accepting the PDU based on results of processing the PDU acceptance query; each sentry filtering rule being specified for a PDU conveyance direction of an allowed connection establishment, a rule match between the PDU acceptance query corresponding to a SYN PDU and a sentry filtering rule generates at least one dynamic filtering rule for allowing conveyance of subsequent PDUs across the PDU filtering gateway bidirectionally, otherwise the conveyance of PDUs in the opposite direction being prevented. A PDU filtering gateway as claimed in claim 1, wherein each sentry ﬁltering rule speciﬁcation comprises: a. an origination network node address range specifier; b. a destination network node address range specifier; c. an origination logical socket range specifier; and d. a destination logical socket range specifier; 25 *** PAGE 2 *** the sentry filtering rule enabling support for dynamic callback functionality. A PDU ﬁltering gateway a claimed in claim 2, wherein the sentry filtering rule further comprises a timeout specifier. A PDU filtering gateway a claimed in claim 2, wherein the sentry ﬁltering rule further comprises a protocol speciﬁer. A PDU filtering gateway a claimed in claim 2, wherein the sentry filtering rule further comprises a rule type specifier. A PDU filtering gateway as claimed in claim 1, wherein each dynamic filtering rule specification comprises: a. an origination network node address specifier; b. a destination network node address specifier; c. an origination logical socket range speciﬁer; and d. a destination logical socket range specifier; a rule match between the PDU acceptance query corresponding to a SYN PDU and a sentry filtering rule generates at least one dynamic ﬁltering rule selectively allowing conveyance of subsequent PDUs across the PDU filtering gateway for a plurality of connections using at least one origination logical socket in the origination logical socket range and at least one destination logical socket in the destination logical socket range enabling support for dynamic callback services, otherwise the conveyance of said subsequent l’DUs being prevented. 26 *** PAGE 3 *** g ,-: .. A PDU filtering gateway a claimed in claim 3, wherein the dynamic filtering rule further comprises a timeout specifier used to discard a dynamic filtering rule if no PDU traffic triggering the dynamic filtering rule has been received for a time duration specified via the timeout specifier. A PDU filtering gateway a claimed in claim 3, wherein the dynamic filtering rule further comprises a protocol specifier. A PDU filtering gateway a claimed in claim 3, wherein the dynamic filtering rule further comprises a rule type specifier. A PDU filtering gateway as claimed in claim 7, further comprising a timer for discarding a dynamic filtering rule if PDU traffic controlled by the dynamic filtering rule has not been received of a time period longer than a timeout value specified with respect to the dynamic filtering rule. A PDU filtering gateway as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a parser for parsing one of a sentry rule file and a configuration file. A PDU filtering gateway as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a control interface for specifying sentry filtering rules. A method of filtering Payload Date Units (PDUS) in a PDU filtering gateway comprising steps of: a. forming a PDU acceptance query based on PDU information extracted from a received PDU; b. subjecting the PDU acceptance query to at least one sentry filtering rule; c. selectively generating at least one dynamic filtering rule if the PDU acceptance query corresponds to a SYN PDU and the PDU acceptance query matches a sentry filtering rule; 2'7 *** PAGE 4 *** Lil. H'i‘ ,I'L'i: .151, "Ii'u d. selectively accepting the received PDU based on results of processing the PDU acceptance query; with each sentry filtering rule being specified for a PDU conveyance direction of an allowed connection establishment, the at least one generated dynamic filtering rule selectively allowing the conveyance of subsequent PDUs associated with the established connection across the PDU filtering gateway bidirectionally, otherwise preventing the conveyance of PDUs in the opposite direction. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 13, further comprising a step of: discarding a dynamic filtering rule if one of a FIN PDU and a RST PDU matching the dynamic filtering rule received, discarding the dynamic filtering rule ensures that selective acceptance of PDUs is restricted to a time period during which the connection corresponding to the dynamic filtering rule is in use. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 13, wherein generating a dynamic filtering rule, the method further comprises steps of: a. populating an origination network address specifier of the generated dynamic ﬁltering rule with a first specific network address extracted from the received PDU; b. populating a destination network address specifier of the generated dynamic ﬁltering rule with a second specific network address extracted from the received PDU; c. populating an origination logical socket range specifier of the generated dynamic filtering rule with at least one origination logical socket value corresponding to an allowed electronic service specification extracted from the PDU; and 28 *** PAGE 5 *** 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. 21. 33 l, i iil‘i- ml!” ill d. populating a destination logical socket range specifier of the generated dynamic filtering rule with at least one destination logical service socket value corresponding to the allowed electronic specification extracted from the PDU; populating the origination and destination logical socket range speciﬁers with specific destination logical socket values, enables controlled selective acceptance of PDUs associated with at least one additional connection having the same allowed electronic service specification between the ﬁrst and second network addresses thereby providing support for dynamic callback services. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 13, wherein generating a dynamic filtering rule, the method further comprises step of: populating a timeout specifier with a timeout value defining a maximum dynamic rule triggering time period, A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 16, wherein, if the dynamic ﬁltering rule is triggered during the triggering time period, the method further comprises a step of: restarting the beginning of a new triggering time period A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 16, further comprising a step of: discarding the dynamic filtering rule if a period of time greater than the triggering time period has passed without a triggering instance. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 13, further comprising a step of: specifying a sentry filtering rule via an interface. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 19, further comprising a step of: storing the sentry filtering rule to a sentry rule file. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 20, further comprising a steps of: 29 *** PAGE 6 *** i i in ‘1 n «f; a. loading a sentry rule file; b. parsing the sentry rule file; and c. rctricvably storing sentry filtering rules specified in the sentry rule file to enable PDU acceptance query processing. 22. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 13, further comprising a step of: specifying a configuration via an interface. 23. A method of filtering PDUS as claimed in claim 22, further comprising a step of: storing the configuration to a configuration file. 24. A method of filtering PDUs as claimed in claim 23, further comprising a steps of: a. loading a configuration file; I). parsing the configuration ﬁle; and c. configuring the PDU filtering gateway in accordance with configurations specified in the configuration file. 30
+++./ocr/result/10996323-2004-11-23-00027-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10996323	*** PAGE 1 *** Atty. Docket: 10040115-1 Client Ref: AGIL-128 CLAIMS That which is claimed is: 1. A microarray comprising: (a) a solid support: and (b) a plurality of polynucleotide probes attached to said support, said plurality of polynucleotide probes having a corresponding plurality of different nucleotide sequences, at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes have a duplex T ,,. within a delta Tm ofless than 4°C. 2. The microarray of claim 1, wherein at least 1,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 3. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 2,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 4. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 10,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 5. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 40,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 6. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 20,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 7. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 80% of said polynucleotide probes have a duplex T m within a delta Tm of less than 4°C. 8. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 90% of said polynucleotide probes have a duplex T ,,, within a delta T m of less than 4°C. 9. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said delta Tm is less than 3°C. 65 *** PAGE 2 *** Atty. Docket: 10040115-1 Client Ref: AGIL»128 10. The mieroarray of claim 7, wherein said delta T," is less than 3°C. 11. The microarray of claim 8, wherein said delta T ,,. is less than 3°C. 12. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said delta T m is less than 2°C. 13. The microarray of claim 7, wherein said delta T m is less than 2°C. 14, The mieroarray of claim 8, wherein said delta T m is less than 2°C. 15. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said delta T,,, is less than 1°C. 16, The microarray of claim 7, wherein said delta T m is less than 15°C. 17. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said delta Tm is less than 05°C. 18. The microarray of claim 2, wherein the nucleotide length of said polynucleotide probes are in the range of at least 20 nucleotides to 100 nucleotides. 19. The microarray of claim 2, wherein the nucleotide length of said polynucleotide probes are in the range of at least 20 nucleotides to 100 nucleotides. 20. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support have the same nucleotide length. 21. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes are of 60 nucleotides in length. 22. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 5% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support hybridize to regulatory regions of a nucleotide sample of interest. 66 *** PAGE 3 *** Atty. Docket: 10040Il5-l Client Ref: AGILrlZS 23. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 30% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support hybridize to exonic regions of a nucleotide sample of interest. 24. The microarray of claim 2, wherein at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support hybridize intergenic regions of a nucleotide sample of interest. 25. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said polynucleotide probes are structured and conﬁgured for analysis of a nucleotide sample by comparative genome hybridization. 26. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said nucleotide sequences of said polynucleotide probes hybridize to nucleotide samples from the human genome. 27. The microarray of claim 2, wherein said nucleotide sequences of said polynucleotide probes hybridize to nucleotide samples from the mouse genome. 28. A microarray comprising: (a) a solid support; and (b) at least 1,000 polynucleotide probes attached to said support, said plurality of polynucleotide probes having a corresponding plurality of different nucleotide sequences, at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes have a duplex T,,. within a delta Tm of less than 4°C. 29. A microarray comprising: (a) a solid support; and (b) a plurality of polynucleotide probes attached to said support, said plurality of polynucleotide probes having a corresponding plurality of different nucleotide sequences, where at least 70% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 10%. 67 *** PAGE 4 *** Atty. Docket: 10040115-1 Client Ref: AGIL-128 30. The microarray of claim 29, wherein at least 1,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 31. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 2,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 32. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 10,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 33. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 40,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 34. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 20,000 said polynucleotide probes are surface bound to said support. 35. A microarray comprising: (a) a solid support; and (b) a plurality of polynucleotide probes attached to said support, said plurality of polynucleotide probes having a corresponding plurality of different nucleotide sequences, where at least 60% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 5%. 36. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 75% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 10%. 37. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 85% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 10%. 38, The microarray of claim 35, where at least 70% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 5%. 68 *** PAGE 5 *** Atty. Docket: 10040115-1 Client Ref: AGlL-IZS 39. A microarray comprising: (a) a solid support; and (b) a plurality of polynucleotide probes attached to said support, said plurality of polynucleotide probes having a corresponding plurality of different nucleotide sequences, where at least 40% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 3%. 40. The microarray of claim 39, where at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 3%. 41. The microarray of claim 39, where at least 60% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 3%. 42. The microarray of claim 30, wherein the nucleotide length of said polynucleotide probes are in the range of at least 20 nucleotides to 100 nucleotides. 43. The microarray of claim 30, wherein the nucleotide length of said polynucleotide probes are in the range of at least 20 nucleotides to 100 nucleotides. 44. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support have the same nucleotide length. 45. The microarray of claim 30, wherein said at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes are of 60 nucleotides in length. 46. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 5% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support hybridize to regulatory regions of a nucleotide sample of interest. 47. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 30% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support hybridize to exonic regions of a nucleotide sample of interest. 69 *** PAGE 6 *** Atty. Docket: 10040115-1 Client Rei AGlL-128 48. The microarray of claim 30, wherein at least 50% of said polynucleotide probes on said solid support hybridize intergenic regions of a nucleotide sample of interest. 49. The microarray of claim 30, wherein said polynucleotide probes are structured and conﬁgured for analysis of a nucleotide sample by comparative genome hybridization. 50. The microarray of claim 30, wherein said nucleotide sequences of said polynucleotide probes hybridize to nucleotide samples generated the human genome. 51. The microarray of claim 30, wherein said nucleotide sequences of said polynucleotide probes hybridize to nucleotide samples from the mouse genome. 52. A microarray comprising: (a) a solid support; and (b) at least 1,000 polynucleotide probes attached to said support, said plurality of polynucleotide probes having a corresponding plurality of different nucleotide sequences, where at least 60% of said polynucleotide probes have a percent GC content within a delta percent GC of 10%. 54. A method for generating candidate probes, comprising: (a) selecting target sequences from a chromosome of interest; (b) repeat—masking said target sequences to form non-repeat masked regions; (c) tiling sequences across said non-repeat masked regions to generate said candidate probes; and (d) screening said candidate probes according to at least one in silico parameter. 55. The method of claim 54, further comprising identifying restriction cut sites in the chromosome of interest, and selecting target sequences that exclude said 70 *** PAGE 7 *** Atty. Docket: lOO40l lS-l Client Ref: AGlL-IZS restriction sites. 56. The method of claim 54, further comprising screening said candidate probes according to at least one experimentally measurable property. 57. The method of claim 54, further comprising validating said candidate probes by target hybridization experiment. 58. The method of claim 54, wherein said screening according to said in silica parameters comprises annotating said candidate probes for expression and association with said chromosome of interest. 59. The method of claim 54, wherein said screening according to said in silica parameters comprises analyzing said candidate probes for target structural stability. 60. The method of claim 54, wherein said screening according to said in silico parameters comprises thermodynamically annotating said candidate probes. 61. The method of claim 54, further comprising applying pairwise probe selection to said candidate probes 62. The method of claim 54, further comprising applying biased pairwise probe selection to said candidate probes. 63. The method of claim 54, wherein said screening according to said in silico parameters comprises determining a homology signal-to-background score for each said candidate probe. 64. The method of claim 60, wherein said in silico parameters comprise a parameter for duplex melting temperature for said candidate probes. 65. The method of claim 60, wherein said in silico parameters comprise a 71 *** PAGE 8 *** Atty. Docket: 10040115-1 Client Ref. AGlL-IZS parameter for hairpin structural stability for said candidate probes. 66. The method of claim 64, wherein said parameter for duplex melting temperature is determined by GC content of said candidate probes. 67. The method of claim 60, wherein said in silico parameters comprise a parameter for duplex stability for said candidate probes. 68. The method of claim 67, wherein said parameter for duplex stability evaluates said candidate probes for a property selected from the group consisting of melting temperature, entropy, enthalpy and Gibb’s free energy. 69. The method of claim 65, wherein said parameter for hairpin structural stability evaluates said candidate probes for a property selected from the group consisting of melting temperature, entropy, enthalpy and Gibb’s free energy. 70. The method of claim 59, wherein said parameter for target structural stability evaluates said candidate probes for a property selected ﬁ‘om the group consisting of melting temperature, entropy, enthalpy and Gibb’s free energy. 71. The method of claim 54, wherein said screening according to said in silico parameters comprises analyzing said candidate probes for target speciﬁcity. 72. The method of claim 54, wherein said in silico parameters comprise a parameter for kinetic properties of said candidate probes. 73. The method of claim 54, wherein said in silico parameters comprise a parameter for intergenicity of said candidate probes. 74. The method of claim 54, wherein said in silico parameters comprise a parameter for expression of said candidate probes. 72 *** PAGE 9 *** Atty.Docket: l0040ll5—l Client Ref: AGlL-IZS 75. The method of claim 73, wherein said parameter for intergenicity evaluates said candidate probes for a property selected from the group consisting of said candidate probe sequence is within a gene, said candidate probe sequence is in between a gene, and said candidate probe sequence is within a coding region of a gene. 76. The method of claim 74, wherein said parameter for expression evaluates said candidate probes for a property selected from the group consisting of said candidate probe sequence is within a gene, said candidate probe sequence is within an expression region of a gene and said candidate probe sequence is within a coding region of a gene. 77. The method of claim 54, comprising eliminating said target sequences which contain a restriction enzyme site. 78. The method of claim 61, wherein said applying pairwise selection analysis comprises, selecting a plurality of probe pairs, each said probe pair comprising a ﬁrst probe sequence and a second probe sequence which are adjacent probe sequences within the chromosome of interest, evaluating said ﬁrst and said second probe sequences for at least one probe Property, assigning at least one score for each said probe property to said ﬁrst and second probe sequences, and determining which probe sequence of each said probe pair comprises the optimum probe characteristics for said microarray. 79. The method of claim 78, wherein said probe pairs are randomly selected for pairwise analysis. 80. The method of 78, wherein said probe pairs are selected for said pairwise analysis by the order in which they target the chromosome sequence of interest. 81. The method of 78, wherein said probe pairs are selected for said pairwise analysis in order of the base pair gap between said ﬁrst and second probe sequence. 73 *** PAGE 10 *** Atty. Docket: 10040115-1 Client Ref: AGlL-IZS 82. The method of claim 62, wherein said applying biased pairwise selection algorithm comprises; analyzing neighboring probe sequences within a genomic region of interest, evaluating said neighboring probe sequences for a ﬁrst group of probe properties, evaluating said neighboring probe sequences for a second group of probe properties and scoring said neighboring probe sequences for said ﬁrst group of probe properties and biasing said scoring by said second group of probe properties. 83. The method of claim 82, wherein said probe property is selected from the group consisting of duplex melting temperature, hairpin stability, GC content, probe is within an exon, probe is within a gene, probe is within an intron and probe is within a intergenic region. 84. The method of claim 56, wherein said experimentally measurable parameter is selected from the group consisting of signal intensity, reproducibility of signal intensity, dye bias, susceptibility to non-speciﬁc binding, wash stability and persistence of probe hybridization. 85. The method of claim 57, wherein said validating said candidate probes comprises; hybridizing said candidate probes to a plurality of target sets, evaluating said candidate probes for a probe property for each said target set and comparing the values for said probe property of each said candidate probe across said plurality of target sets. 86. A computer readable medium carrying one or more sequences of instructions for identifying and selecting nucleic acid probes for detecting a target with a probe array, wherein execution of one or more sequences of instructions by one or more processors causes the one or more processors to perform the steps of: (a) repeat-masking said target sequences to form non-repeat masked regions; 74 *** PAGE 11 *** Arty.D0cket: lOO40ll5—l Client Ref: AGlL-I'ZS and (b) tiling sequences across said non-repeat masked regions to generate said candidate probes. ' 87. The computer readable medium of claim 86, further comprising the steps of; (a) identifying restriction cut sites in a chromosome of interest; and (b) selecting target sequences that exclude said restriction sites. 75
+++./ocr/result/11520405-2006-09-12-00006-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11520405	*** PAGE 1 *** 5967251 CLAIMS An intraoral viewing device, comprising: a handle having a distal end; a mirror mount, connected to the distal end of the handle, for insertion into a mouth of a patient; an image sensor, contained in the handle and coupled to provide electronic images of the inside of the mouth; a flexible sheath, which fits over and covers the mirror mount and the handle; and a mirror, which is configured to be fastened to the mirror mount over the sheath, with the sheath intervening between the mirror and the mirror mount, so as to provide optical images of the inside of the mouth. 2. The device according to claim 1, wherein the handle contains a lumen, which is configured to direct a pressurized fluid toward the mirror through a puncture in the sheath. 3. The device according to claim 2, wherein the lumen has an outlet, and comprising a plug, which is configured to puncture the sheath and to be received within the outlet of the lumen, the plug having a channel therethrough for conveying the pressurized fluid from the lumen to the mirror. 4. The device according to claim 1, and comprising one or more electrical controls located on the handle, which are operable by a user of the device by applying pressure to the controls through the sheath. 5. The device according to claim 4, wherein the electrical controls are operable by the user to cause processing circuitry to apply to the electronic images at 14 *** PAGE 2 *** 5967281 least one transformation selected from a group of- transformations consisting of rotating the images, performing a right-left inversion of the images, and freezing one of the images. 6. The device according to claim 1, and comprising an optical assembly, which is configured to image the inside of the mouth onto the image sensor via an aperture in the device, and wherein the sheath covers a transparent material, which covers the aperture. 7. The device according to claim 6, wherein at least a part of the optical assembly is located in the mirror mount, and wherein the aperture is located in the mirror. 8. An intraoral viewing device, comprising: a handle; an image sensor, contained in the handle and coupled to generate electronic images of an inside of the mouth; processing circuitry, which is coupled. to receive and. process the electronic images so as to provide an output image for viewing by a user of the device; and an electrical control, which is located on the handle and is operable by the user to cause the processing circuitry to freeze the output image after a predetermined delay greater than 0.5 sec following actuation of the control by the user. 9. The device according to claim 8, wherein the processing circuitry is operative to provide an audible indication to the user after the user has operated the control and just before freezing the output image. 10. An intraoral viewing device, comprising: a handle; 15 *** PAGE 3 *** 5967251 an image sensor, contained in the handle and coupled to generate electronic images of an inside of the mouth; processing circuitry, which is coupled to receive and process the electronic images so as to provide an output image for viewing by a user of the device; and an electrical control, which is located on the handle and is operable by the user to cause the processing circuitry to apply to the output image at least one transformation selected from a group of transformations consisting of rotating the image and performing a right—left inversion of the image. 11. The device according to claim 10, and comprising a mirror, connected to a distal end of the handle, for providing an optical image of the inside of the mouth. 12. The device according to claim 10, wherein the processing circuitry is configured both to rotate and image and to perform the right—left inversion of the image simultaneously . 13. A method for intraoral visualization, comprising: providing an intraoral viewing device comprising a handle, a mirror mount connected to a distal end of the handle, and an image sensor, contained in the handle; fitting a flexible sheath over the device so as to cover the mirror mount and the handle; fastening a mirror to the mirror mount over the sheath, with the sheath intervening between the mirror and the mirror mount; and inserting at least the mirror mount, covered by the sheath, with the mirror fastened thereto, into a mouth of the subject, so that the mirror provides optical images 16 *** PAGE 4 *** 5967251 of an inside of the mouth, and the image sensor provides electronic images of the inside of the mouth. 14. The method according to claim 13, wherein the handle contains a lumen, and comprising creating a puncture in the sheath, and directing a pressurized fluid toward the mirror via the lumen through the puncture. 15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the lumen has an outlet, and wherein creating the puncture comprises puncturing the sheath by inserting a plug into the outlet of the lumen, the plug having a channel therethrough for conveying the pressurized fluid from the lumen to the mirror. 16. The method according to claim 13, and comprising providing one or more electrical controls on the handle, for operation by a user of the device by applying pressure to the controls through the sheath. 17. The method according to claim 16, wherein providing the one or more electrical controls comprises applying to the electronic images, responsively' to actuation of at least one of the electrical controls, at least one transformation selected from a group of transformations consisting of rotating the images, performing a right- left inversion of the images, and freezing one of the images. 18. The method according to claim 16, and comprising illuminating the inside of the mouth using a light source associated with the intraoral viewing device, and wherein providing the one or more electrical controls comprises controlling an intensity of the light source 17 *** PAGE 5 *** 5967231 responsively to actuation of at least one of the electrical controls‘ 19. The method according to claim 13, wherein inserting at least the mirror mount comprises imaging the inside of the mouth onto the image sensor via an aperture in the device, and wherein the sheath covers a transparent material, which covers the aperture. 20. The method according to claim 19, wherein at least a part of the optical assembly is located, in the mirror mount, and wherein the aperture is located in the mirror. 18
+++./ocr/result/12218948-2008-07-17-00005-CLM.pdf.txt+++
12218948	*** PAGE 1 *** What is claimed is: 1. A telecommunications system. comprising: a cellular telephone including a global positioning utility for collecting a plurality of global positioning samples of a position of the cellular telephone, the global positioning samples including associated time stamps, the cellular telephone including a wireless transmitter for transmitting the plurality of global positioning samples; a laptop computer including a wireless receiver for receiving the plurality of global positioning samples, the laptop computer including a client application for processing the plurality of samples to a single location result and a conﬁdence factor; and a presence service conﬁgured to receive the single location result from the client application and distribute the single location remit to other users. 2. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 1, the cellular telephone including a plurality of buﬁers for storing the plurality of global positioning samples and associated time stamps. 4. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 2. wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to obtain a sample according to predetermined intervals. 4. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 4, wherein the predetermined intervals are periodic intervals. 5. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim‘ 4. wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to wait until a global positioning signal is available for an interval's sampling if a global positioning signal had not been available at the sampling interval prior to resuming the sampling at a next predetermined interval. -24- *** PAGE 2 *** 6. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 4. wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to transmit the plurality of global positioning samples when the plurality of buffers is full. 7. A telecommunitions system in accordance with claim 4, wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to transmit the plurality of global positioning samples at predetermined intervals. 8. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 1. wherein a conﬁdence level is high if a time stamp of a most recent lotion is less than a predetermined period. 9. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 8. wherein a conﬁdence level is low depending on a time since last location and speed. 10.A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 1. wherein a conﬁdence factor is derived according to the following: if a time stamp of a most recent global positioning location is less than approximately two minutes. then the conﬁdence factor is set to "high;" if the time stamp of a most recent global positioning location is older than approximately two minutes, then the conﬁdence factor is “medium” if the time difference between the current time and the last known location is small and the speed is low; and if the time stamp of a most recent global positioning location is older than approximately two minutes. then the conﬁdence factor is “low” if the time difference between the current time and the last known location is large and the speed is high. 11. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 1, wherein the presence system distributes the location result and generates notiﬁcations based on the conﬁdence factor. -25- *** PAGE 3 *** 10. A telecommunications system in accordance with claim 1, further including a router for routing media to a user based 0n the conﬁdence factor. 14. A telecommunitions method, comprising: collecting a plurality of global positioning samples of a position of the cellular telephone, the global positioning samples including associated time stamps; receiving the plurality of global positioning samples at a computer, the computer including a client application for processing the plurality of samples to a single location result and a conﬁdence factor. and receiving the single location result from the client application and distributing the single location result other users. 14. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14, storing the plurality of global positioning samples and associated time stamps in a plurality of buffers at the cellular telephone. 15. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14, wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to obtain a sample according to predetermined intervals. 16. A telecommunitions method in accordance with claim 15. wherein the predetermined intervals are periodic intervals. 17. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14. wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to wait until a global positioning signal is available for an interval’s sampling if a global positioning signal had not been available at the sampling interval prior to resuming the sampling at a next predetermined interval. -26- *** PAGE 4 *** 18. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14. wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to transmit the plurality of global positioning samples when the plurality of buffers is full. 19. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14, wherein the cellular telephone is conﬁgured to transmit the plurality of global positioning samples atpredetermined intervals. 20. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14, wherein a conﬁdence'level is high. if a time stamp of a most recent location is less than a predetermined period. 21. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 20, wherein a conﬁdence level is low depending on a time since last location and speed. 22. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14, wherein a conﬁdence factor is derived according to the following: if a time stamp of a most recent global positioning location is less than approximately two minutes, then the conﬁdence factor is set to ‘high;' if the time stamp of a most recent global positioning location is older than approximately two minutes, then the conﬁdence factor is “medium' ifthe time difference between the current time and the last known location is small and the speed is low; and if the time stamp of a most recent global positioning location is older than approximately two minutes, then the conﬁdence factor is “low” if the time difference between the current time and the last known location is large and the speed is high. . -27- *** PAGE 5 *** 24. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14, including distributing the location result and generates notiﬁcations based on the conﬁdence factor. 24. A telecommunications method in accordance with claim 14. further including routing media to a user based on the conﬁdence factor. -28-
+++./ocr/result/09940887-2001-08-29-00016-CLM.pdf.txt+++
09940887	*** PAGE 1 *** Q 0 WHAT IS CLAIMED IS: t-emitting device comprising a reflective elem nt, an emissive layer, a phase plate, and a polarizer ‘n this order, wherein polari ation separators are provided between said emissive 1a r and said phase plate, in ligh of a wavelength range which includes a part or all of light—emission wavelength range of said emissive laye and is narrower than a visible wavelength range a is directed from said emissive layer side to said olarization separators side, said pola 'zation separators reflect circularly polarized light components which are converted into linea ly polarized light that is absorbed by said pola izer due to an operation of said phase plate and trans it the other light, and said reflect ve element is a reflecting surface for reflecting t least the circularly polarized light which w s perpendicularly incoming as a circularly polarized li ht whose rotating direction is opposite. 2. A device according to claim 1, wherein said polarization separators a e cholesteric liquid crystal layers and said phase plate is a quarter—wave plate. 3. A light—emitting device comprising a reflective element, an emi sive layer, a phase plate, and a polarizer in this ord r, wherein polarization sepa tors are provided between *** PAGE 2 *** -79- said phase plate and 5 id polarizer, in light of a wavelength range which includes a part or all of a ligh —emission wavelength range of said emissive layer and is narrower than a visible wavelength range and is directed from said emissive layer side to said polarization separators side, said polarizatﬂon separators reflect linarly polarized light components which are absorbed by said polarizer and transmit the other light, said phase plate is a quarter—wave plate, and said reflective element is a reflecting surface for reflecting at least the circularly polarized light which was erpendicularly incoming as a circularly polarized light hose rotating direction is opposite. 4. A device according to claim 1, wherein said emissive layer is organic thin films sandwiched by an optically transparent electro e and a metal electrode, and said metal electrode is a reflective electrode also serving as said reflective element. 5. A light—emitting display comprising: a plurality of light-emitting deﬁices arranged in a matrix—form; and control means ‘or controlling light— emitting operations of said light—emitting devices on the basis of image information, kherein the light-emitting devlces according to claim 1 or 3 are used as said light—em'tting devices. 6. A light-emitting displa having a light- *** PAGE 3 *** _80_ emitting device constru ting a plurality of pixels arranged in a matrix—f0 m and control means for controlling a light—emi ting operation of said light- emitting device on the asis of image information, wherein said light—emi ting device comprises in order: organic electrolu inescence devices of a structure obtained by de ositing a metal electrode also serving as a reflective lement, an emissive layer made of an organic thin film, nd an optically transparent electrode; a phase plate; and a polarizer, polarization se arators are provided between said emissive layer and 5 id phase plate, in light of a w velength range which includes a part or all of a light—e ission wavelength range of said emissive layer and is narrower than a visible wavelength range and is di ected from said emissive layer side to said polariz tion separators side, said polarization separators reflect circularly polarized light omponents which are converted into linearly pol rized light that is absorbed by said polarizer ue to an operation of said phase plate and transmit th other light, and said reflective e1 ment is a reflecting surface for reflecting at le st the circularly polarized light which was pe pendicularly incoming as a circularly polarized light w ose rotating direction is opposite. *** PAGE 4 *** -81— 7. A display ad ording to claim 6, wherein said polarization separator are cholesteric liquid crystal layers and said phase late is a quarter-wave plate. 8. A display ad ording to claim 6, wherein a light-emission color said emissive layer differs in dependence on the pix 1, and a reflective wavelength of said polarization sep rators differs in dependence on the pixel in correspo dence to said light-emission color. 9. A display a cording to claim 6, wherein said emissive layer constr cting said plurality of pixels executes a color disp ay constructed by one of an emissive layer of a r d light emission, an emissive layer of a green ligh emission, and an emissive layer of a blue light emiss'on, a polarization separator for reflecting red light '5 pattern—formed at a position corresponding to said emissive layer of the red light emission, a polarization separator for reflecting green light is pattern—for d at a position corresponding to said emissive layer 0 the green light emission, and a polarization separat r for reflecting blue light is pattern-formed at a osition corresponding to said emissive layer of th blue light emission, respectively. 10. A display ccording to claim 6, wherein said polarization separat rs are pattern-formed in a matrix- form in corresponden e to light—emitting regions of said emissive layer onstructing said pixels, and a *** PAGE 5 *** .‘ ' black matrix is f rmed between the patterns of said polarization sepa ators. 11. A displa according to claim 10, wherein an aperture of said b ack matrix is wider than the light— emitting regions of said emissive layer constructing said pixels. 12. A device r a display according to claim 1 or 6, wherein the light emission wavelength range of said emissive layer almos coincides with the reflective wavelength of said polarization separators at the position correspondin to said emissive layer. 13. A device or a display according to Claim 1 or 6, wherein a half valu width of a light—emission wavelength said emissi e layer and a half value width of said reflective wav length of said polarization separators corresponding to it are equal to or less \ 14. A device or a display according to claim 1 or than 75 nm. 6, wherein a center wave ength of the light emission of said emissive layer or a wavelength (peak wavelength) at which a maximum intens ty is obtained almost coincides with a center w velength of the reflection of said polarization separato s at the position corresponding to said emis ive layer. 15. A device or a di play according to claim 1 or 6, wherein the reflective w velength of said polarization separators at he position corresponding to a light—emitting region f said emissive layer is *** PAGE 6 *** _ 83 _ narrower than a light—emitting wavelength range of said emissive layer. 16. A device or a display according to claim 1 or 6, wherein a cente wavelength of the reflection of a polarization separa or which is formed at a position corresponding to an emissive layer of a red light emission and reflects red light is set to be longer than a center wavele gth of the light emission of said emissive layer or a avelength (peak wavelength) indicative of a maxim m intensity, thereby allowing the light—emission wavele gth range of said emissive layer and a reflective wavelength of said polarization separator to almost coincide with each other in a visible wavelength range or setting the reflective wavelength of said pola ization separator to be narrower than the light emission wavelength range of said emissive layer in a visible wavelength range. \ 17. A device or a isplay according to claim 1 or 6, wherein an organic e1 ctroluminescence device is formed on a first substra e, the polarization separators are formed on transparent second substrate different from said first ubstrate, a forming surface of the first substrate whe e said organic electro— luminescence device has be n formed and a forming surface of said second subs rate where said polarization separators hav been formed are overlaid and fixed. 18. A device or a disp ay according to claim 1 or *** PAGE 7 *** O G _ _ 6, wherein no substra e exists between said emiSSive layer and said polari ation separators. 19. A device or a display according to claim 4 or 6, wherein a transparevt insulation layer is provided between an optically t ansparent electrode and said polarization separator . 20. A device or display according to claim 1 or 6, wherein a partition obtained by dispersing a pigment having a light absorbi g property is provided into a non-light—emitting por ion of said emissive layer. 21. A display ac ording to claim 6, wherein said emissive layer construc ing said pixels is an emissive layer for emitting whit light, a polarization separator for reflectin red light, a polarization separator for reflectin green light, and a polarization separator or reflecting blue light are pattern—formed at positﬂons corresponding to light— emitting regions of the missive layer constructing said pixels, further, a olor filter for transmitting red light is pattern—for ed at positions corresponding to said polarization sep rator for reflecting the red light, a color filter fo transmitting green light is pattern—formed at positi ns corresponding to said polarization separator f r reflecting the green light, and a color filter for t ansmitting blue light is pattern—formed at positi ns corresponding to said polarization separator for reflecting the blue light, respectively.
+++./ocr/result/10808873-2004-03-18-00007-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10808873	*** PAGE 1 *** 10 15 20 25 Express Maili EV398341251US Claims What is claimed is: 1. A recurrent reflective synthetic filament yarn produced by the following process including the steps of: melt—spinning a mixture of glass beads and a synthetic fiber resin through a spinneret, said beads being vacuum- metalized with a material having a reflection function; positioning an electric field around the spinneret; and passing said filament through the electric field before said filament is solidified, whereby said glass beads in said filament rotate so that said metalized parts of the glass beads all point in a same direction. claim 1, 2. The yarn of wherein said yarn filament comprises substantially 5 to 25 wt% of said glass beads. 3. The yarn of claim 1, wherein each of the glass beads is a spherical shape having a bead size of 30 to 50 mm and a refractive index of 1.5 to 2.2. 4. The yarn of claim 1, wherein the material having the reflective function is selected from the group 35 *** PAGE 2 *** 10 15 20 25 Express Mail: EV398341251US consisting of aluminum, nickel, and silver. 5. A recurrent reflective synthetic filament yarn; said filament including vacuum-metalizing spherical glass beads each having a head size of 30 to 50 um and a refractive index of 1.5 to 2.2, wherein 1/4 to 1/2 of an entire surface area of the spherical glass beads are vacuum— metalized with a material, said material having a reflection function; said filament including a synthetic resin; wherein 5 to 25 wt% of said filament is said glass beads and 95 to 75 wt% of said filament is said synthetic fiber resin; wherein said filament is melt—spun through a spinneret; said yarn produced by the following nethod including the steps of: passing said filaments through an electric field around the spinneret before said filaments are solidified, so as to rotate the glass beads contained in the filaments such that metalized parts of the glass beads all point in a same direction. 6. The yarn of claim 5 wherein said spinneret having a nozzle and nozzle holes, said method comprising the steps 36 *** PAGE 3 *** (II 10 15 20 25 Express Mail: EV398341251US of: installing a positive plate and a negative plate under the nozzle holes of the spinneret such that the positive plate and the negative plate face each other and are spaced from each other at an interval of one to five mm; and applying a voltage of 3000 to 20000 V and a current of three to five mA to the positive plate and negative plate, thereby forming the electric field. 7. The yarn of claim 6, wherein the nozzle holes of the spinneret are aligned in one or two rows. 8. The yarn of claim 5, wherein the method comprising the steps of: 0.2 to 0.5 wt% of dioctylphthalate as a adding softener and 0.2 to 0.5 wt% of Ca antiadditive as a dispersing agent into the synthetic fiber resin to uniformly mix the glass beads with the synthetic fiber resin, to provide softness to the synthetic fiber resin. during the melt-spinning of a mixture of the glass beads and synthetic fiber resin, and to improve the softness of the recurrent reflective synthetic filament yarn. wherein the method comprising 9. The yarn of claim 6, the steps of: *** PAGE 4 *** Express Mail: EV398341251US adding 0.2 to 0.5 wt% of dioctylphthalate as a softener and 0.2 to 0.5 wt% of Ca antiadditive as a dispersing agent into the synthetic fiber resin to uniformly mix the glass beads with the synthetic fiber resin, to provide softness to the synthetic fiber‘ resin during the melt—spinning of a mixture of the glass beads and synthetic fiber resin, and to improve the softness of the recurrent reflective synthetic filament yarn. 38
+++./ocr/result/11750838-2007-05-18-00008-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11750838	*** PAGE 1 *** CLAIMS A method of manufacturing a molded cementitious architectural product having a polished surface, comprising: providing a wet cementitious composition comprised of water and hydraulic cement; introducing the wet cementitious composition into a mold cavity; allowing the hydraulic cement of the wet cementitious composition to partially hydrate beyond initial set to form a green cementitious body; exposing a surface of the green cementitious body before the hydraulic cement reaches ﬁnal hardening; and bumishing at least a portion of the exposed surface of the green cementitious body before the hydraulic cement reaches ﬁnal hardening in order to align hydraulic cement particles at the exposed surface and seal the exposed surface. 2. A method as recited in claim 1, the wet cementitious composition further comprising at least one polymer binder that assists in sealing the exposed surface. 3. A method as recited in claim 2, the polymer binder comprising at least one member selected from the group consisting of latex polymers, cellulosic ethers, starches, proteins, acrylic polymers, polysaccharide gums, rosins, and polymer resins. — Page 55 - Docket No. 14393.81 *** PAGE 2 *** 4. A method as recited in claim 1, the wet cementitious composition further comprising at least one aggregate. 5. A method as recited in claim 4, wherein aggregate comprises platelet shaped particles that further assist in bumishing the surface of the cementitious body. 6. A method as recited in claim 1, the wet cementitious composition further comprising at least one type of ﬁbers substantially homogeneously dispersed throughout the cementitious composition. ,. A method as recited in claim 6, the ﬁbers comprising PVA ﬁbers in an amount in a range of about 0.001% to about 4% by volume of the wet cementitious composition. 8. A method as recited in claim 1, ﬁirther comprising positioning at least two separate mold parts in a desired orientation to yield the mold cavity into which the wet cementitious composition is introduced. 9. A method as recited in claim 8, at least one of the mold parts comprising a polymeric foam core that remains permanently attached to a cementitious shell to form the molded cementitious architectural product. - Page 56 — Docket No. I439} 81 *** PAGE 3 *** 10. A method as recited in claim 9, at least one of the mold parts comprising a backer that is positioned next to the polymeric foam core in a manner so that, after removing the backer, the molded cementitious architectural product includes a mounting surface comprised of an exposed surface of the polymeric foam core and a portion of the cementitious shell adjacent to the exposed surface of the polymeric foam core. 11. A method as recited in claim 8, at least one of the mold parts comprising a front pattern having a surface conﬁguration that at least partially corresponds to a desired shape of the exposed surface of the molded cementitious architectural product. 12. A method as recited in claim 8, wherein exposing a surface of the green cementitious body comprises removing at least one of the mold parts. 13. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the exposing step is performed after the hydraulic cement has been allowed to partially hydrate more than halfway between initial set and ﬁnal hardening as a function of hydration temperature. 14. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the exposing step is performed after the hydraulic cement has been allowed to partially hydrate more than two—thirds of the way between initial set and ﬁnal hardening as a function of hydration temperature. — Page 57 - Docket No. 14393 81 *** PAGE 4 *** 15. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein the exposing step is performed after the hydraulic cement has been allowed to partially hydrate more than three—fourths of the way between initial set and ﬁnal hardening as a function of hydration temperature. 16. A method as recited in claim 1, further comprising cooling the cementitious material after the hydraulic cement is partially hydrated beyond initial set and after exposing a surface of the green cementitious body in order to delay ﬁnal hardening and increase a window of time within which burnishing may be carried out prior to the hydraulic cement reaching ﬁnal hardening. 17. A method as recited in claim 16, wherein cooling is performed by immersing the green cementitious body in water. 18. A method as recited in claim 16, wherein cooling increases the window of time to at least 2 hours. 19. A method as recited in claim 16, wherein cooling increases the window of time to at least 6 hours. 20‘ A method as recited in claim 16, wherein cooling increases the window of time to at least 12 hours. - Page 58 - Docket No. l4393.81 *** PAGE 5 *** 21. A method as recited in claim 16, wherein the cementitious material is cooled to a temperature less than about 20°C 22. A method as recited in claim 16, wherein the cementitious material is cooled to a temperature less than about 10°C 23. A method as recited in claim 1, wherein burnishng is carried out using a rotating polishing/bmnishing wheel. 24. A method as recited in claim 23, the polishing/bumishing wheel comprising aluminum oxide. 25. A method as recited in claim 1, further comprising allowing the hydraulic cement to hydrate beyond ﬁnal hardening in order for the green cementitious material to harden and form at least a portion of the molded cementitious architectural product. 26. A method as recited in claim 25, further comprising machining a portion of the molded cementitious architectural product after hardening of the cementitious material to yield a desired shape. — Page 59 - DoeketNo 14393 31 *** PAGE 6 *** 27. A method of manufacturing a molded cementitious architectural product having a polished surface, comprising: providing a wet cementitious composition comprised of water, hydraulic cement, and at least one polymeric binder selected from the group comprising acrylic polymers, latex polymers, cellulosic ethers, starches, polysaccharide gums, resins, and polymer resins; introducing the wet cementitious composition into a mold cavity; allowing the hydraulic cement of the wet cementitious composition to partially hydrate beyond initial set to form a green cementitious body; exposing a surface of the green cementitious body before the hydraulic cement reaches ﬁnal hardening; and burnishing at least a portion of the exposed surface of the green cementitious body before the hydraulic cement reaches ﬁnal hardening in order to align hydraulic cement particles at the exposed surface and seal the exposed surface. 28. A method as recited in claim 27, further comprising allowing the burnished cementitious body to hydrate to beyond ﬁnal hardening, the molded cementitious architectural product consisting essentially of the burnished cementitious body with no additional structures attached thereto. 29. A method as recited in claim 27, the mold cavity being partially deﬁned by a lightweight foam core that remains attached to the burnished cementitious body, the - Page 60 — Docket No 14393 8] *** PAGE 7 *** the molded cementitious architectural product being comprised of the burnished cementitious body and the attached lightweight foam core. 30. A method of manufacturing a molded lightweight cementitious architectural product having a polished surface, comprising: forming a mold cavity by positioning a front pattem having a desired surface conﬁguration for the architectural cast stone product and a foam core in a spaced apart orientation so as to have a space therebetween that at least partially deﬁnes the mold cavity; introducing a wet cementitious composition into the mold cavity and into contact with the foam core, the cementitious composition being comprised of water and hydraulic cement; allowing the hydraulic cement of the wet cementitious composition to partially hydrate beyond initial set to form a green cementitious shell that at least partially surrounds the foam core; removing the front pattern from the green cementitious shell before the hydraulic cement reaches ﬁnal hardening to yield an exposed surface of the green cementitious shell and so that the foam core and green cementitious shell remain attached together; and bumishing at least a portion of the exposed surface of the green cementitious body before the hydraulic cement reaches ﬁnal hardening in order to align hydraulic cement particles at the exposed surface and seal the exposed surface. - Page 61 - Docket No. 14393 81 *** PAGE 8 *** 31. A method as recited in claim 30, the wet cementitious composition further comprising at least one polymeric binder that assists in aligning the hydraulic cement particles in the exposed surface and/or sealing the exposed surface. 32. A method as recited in claim 31, the polymer binder comprising at least one member selected from the group consisting of acrylic polymers and latex polymers, 33. A method as recited in claim 30, further comprising attaching the front pattern and foam core to a backer, the hacker maintaining the front pattern and foam core in the spaced apart orientation, the front pattern, foam core and backer at least partially deﬁning the mold cavity. 34, A molded cementitious architectural product manufactured according to the process of any of claims 1, 27 or 30, - Page 62 - Docket No. 14393 81 *** PAGE 9 *** 35. A molded cementitious architectural product, comprising: a molded cementitious body formed by allowing a wet cementitious composition comprised of hydraulic cement, water and at least one polymer binder selected from the group comprising acrylic polymers and latex polymers to harden by hydration of the hydraulic cement; and a polished surface of the cementitious body formed by bumishing an exposed surface of the cementitious composition while in a green condition after the hydraulic cement reached initial set but before reaching ﬁnal hardening in order to align hydraulic cement particles and seal the exposed surface of the cementitious body. 36. A molded cementitious architectural product as recited in claim 35, further comprising a lightweight foam core, wherein the molded cementitious body comprises a cementitious shell that at least partially surrounds the lightweight foam core. 37. A molded cementitious architectural product as recited in claim 36, further comprising a mounting surface comprised of an exposed surface of the lightweight foam core and an end surface of the cementitious shell adjacent to the exposed surface of the lightweight foam core. - Page 63 - Docket No. 14393 81 *** PAGE 10 *** 38. A molded cementitious architectural product as recited in claim 37, the exposed surface of the foam core being substantially ﬂush with the end surface of the cementitious shell. 39. A molded cementitious architectural product as recited in claim 36, wherein the foam core is comprised of expanded polystyrene. 40. A molded cementitious architectural product as recited in claim 36, wherein the cementitious shell has a thickness in a range from about ‘A inch to about 1 inch. dimensional features. - Page 64 - Docket No 14393 31
+++./ocr/result/12174608-2008-07-16-00005-CLM.pdf.txt+++
12174608	*** PAGE 1 *** CLAIMS WE CLAIM: l. A method for generating energy and/or fuel from the halogenation of a carbon—containing material, comprising: supplying the carbon-containing material and a ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical to a reactor; reacting the carbon-containing material and the halogen-containing chemical in the reactor to form a second halo gen—containin g chemical; and dissociating the second halogen—containing chemical to form the ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical and hydrogen gas (H2). 2. The method of Claim 1, wherein the ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical is Br: and the second halogen-contajnin g chemical is HBr. 3. The method of Claiml, wherein dissociating the second halogen-containing chemical comprises electrolyzing the second halogen—containing chemical. 4. The method of Claim 1, wherein reacting the carbon-containing material and the halogen- containing chemical further comprises forming C02. 5. The method of Claim 4, further comprising directing CO; to a prime mover. 6. The method of Claim 1, wherein the carbon-containing material is biomass or sewage. 7. The method of Claim 1, further comprising removing a sulfur-containing species from the reactor. 8. The method of Claim 7, wherein the sulfur-containing species is selected from elemental sulﬁir and sulfuric acid. 9. The method of Claim 1, further comprising supplying water to the reactor. 10. The method of Claim 1, further comprising supplying a sulfur-containing chemical to the reactor. 4333292_1.DOC .65- WSGR Docket No. 32717-70220! *** PAGE 2 *** l l. The method of Claim 10, wherein the sulfur-containing chemical includes one or more of HZS, elemental sulfur, SO; and sulfuric acid. 12. A method for brominating a carbon-containing material, comprising: supplying a carbon-containing material, Brz and H20 to a reaction module; reacting the carbon-containing material, Br; and H20 to form HBr and C02; and electrolyzing HBr into H2 and Brz. 13. The method of Claim 12, wherein the carbon-containing chemical, Br; and H20 are reacted at a temperature between about 1°C and about 500°C. 14. The method of Claim 12, wherein the carbon-containing chemical, Br; and H20 are reacted at a pressure between about 1 atm and about 300 atm. 15. A method for cleaning a contaminated gas stream, comprising: providing a contaminant in a reactor; providing a first halogen—containing chemical in the reactor; reacting the contaminant with the ﬁrst halogen—containing chemical to form a second halogen- containing chemical; and dissociating the second halogen-containing chemical to form the ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical and hydrogen (H1). 16. The method of Claim 15, wherein the second halogen-containing chemical is dissociated in the reactor. 17. The method of Claim 15, wherein the ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical is selected from F2, C12, Br; and 12. 18. The method of Claim 15, wherein the second halogen-containing acid is selected from HF, HCl, HBr and HI. 433329271.D0C -66- WSGR Docket No. 32717-702201 *** PAGE 3 *** 19. The method of Claim 15, wherein the contaminant includes one or more of a carbon—containing chemical, elemental sulfur, H28, $02, 803, NO, N02, N20 and ash. 20. A halogenation reactor, comprising: a ﬁrst module conﬁgured for reacting a carbon-containing material and a ﬁrst halogen—containing chemical to form a second halogen-containing chemical; and a second module conﬁgured for dissociating the second halogen-containing chemical into the ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical and hydrogen gas (H2). 21. The halogenation reactor of Claim 20, further comprising a proton exchange membrane for separating protons from ionic fragments of the second halogen-containing chemical. 22. The halogenation reactor of Claim 20, wherein the first module and the second module are the same module. 23. The halogenation reactor of Claim 20, wherein the second module is conﬁgured for reacting Hz with 02 to form water. 24. The halogenation reactor of Claim 20, wherein the second module is conﬁgured for reacting Hz with the ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical to form the second halogen—containing chemical. 25. An energy production system, comprising: a reversible fuel cell conﬁgured for reacting a carbon-containing material and a ﬁrst halogen- containing chemical to form a second halogen-containing chemical and carbon dioxide, wherein the reversible fuel cell is further conﬁgured for dissociating the ﬁrst halogen-containing chemical into the second halo gen-containing chemical and hydrogen gas (H2); and a primer mover for generating energy from one or both of H2 and C02. 4333292_I.DOC -67- WSGR Docket No. 32717—702201
+++./ocr/result/10459715-2003-06-12-00005-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10459715	*** PAGE 1 *** What is claimed is: l. A converter for convening electromagnetic energy to electric energy, the converter comprising: a material transparent to the electromagnetic energy with an index of refraction surl'nunded by a material with a lower index of refraction, the two materials forming a waveguide; and a rectiﬁer coupled to the waveguide and positioned to rectify the electromagnetic energy and form a positive and a negative region on the converter, from which a current may be drawn. 2. The converter of claim 1 in which the rectiﬁer comprises the surrounding material having alternating layers of p—type and n-typc material. 3. The converter of claim 2 in which the surrounding material having alternating layers of p-type and n-type material, the layers being separated by intrinsically neutral material. 4. The converter of claim I in which the rectiﬁer comprises a ballistic rectifying structure. 5. The converter of claim 4 in which the rectifying material comprises the inside of the surrounding material 6. The converter of claim 1 in which the rectiﬁer comprises a schottky diode structure. 7. The converter of claim 6 in which the rectifying material comprises the inside of the surrounding material. 8. The converter of claim I in which the rectiﬁer comprises a p-metal material, 'tt s'H‘E *** PAGE 2 *** 16 91 A cluster ol‘convcrters, the cluster comprising two 01 more converters of claim 1, the converters connected by conductive connectors. 10. A cluster of converters, the cluster comprising two or more converters 01' claim 1, the converters connected by electronic components. 11. The converter of claim 1 in which the converter is enclosed in an electromagnetic cavity. 12. The electromagnetic cavity of claim 11 in which the cavity comprises black siliconi 13. The cluster of converters in claim 1 in which one or more converter in the cluster is enclosed in an electromagnetic cavity. 14. The electromagnetic cavity of claim 13 in which the cavity comprises black silicon. 15. The cluster of converters of claim 1 1 in which the converters are connected out of phase such that the signal across the positive and negative region is a DC voltage. 16. An electromagnetic energy to electric energy converter comprising a structure deﬁning an electromagnetic waveguide. the structure having a region in which electric currents ﬂow upon propagation of electromagnetic energy within the wave—guide, the region having a positive region and a negative region; a positive conductive contact in the positive region for connection into an electric circuit, and a negative conductive contact in the negative region for connection into the electric circuit. *** PAGE 3 *** 17. The converter in claim 16 in which the guide is constructed in a semiconductor substrate. 18. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by rectifying PN material. 19. The converter of claim 18 where the rectifying materials are separated by an intrinsically neutral material. 20. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by rectifying P-Mctal material. 21. The converter of claim 20 where the rectifying materials are separated by an intrinsically neutral material. 22. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by rectifying metal—insulator—rnetal material. 23. The converter of claim 22 where the rectifying materials are separated by an intrinsically neutral material. 24. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by a ballistic bridge rectifying structure. 25. The converter in claim 16 in which the rectifying materials comprise the inside surface of the guide. 26. The converter in Claim 23 in which the guide structure is [illerl with a dielectric. 0r insulator material, or a combination thereof. 27. A cluster ol‘converters, each convener comprising the converter of 16. *** PAGE 4 *** l8 28. The cluster of converters in claim 25 in which all the converters arc interconnecth using conductors, semiconductors, or electrical Circuit elements. 29. The cluster of converters in claim 25 in which all the converters are interconnected using optical wave—guides, or optical circuit elements. 30. The converter in claim 16 in which all or some of thc converters are encased in an electromagnetic cavity. 31. The cluster of converters in claim 25 in which all or some of thc converters are encased in an electromagnetic cavity. 32_ The cluster of converters in claim 28 where the cavity is composed of black silicon. 33. 'l‘hc cluster of convcrtcrs in claim 29 where the cavity is composed of black silicon.
+++./ocr/result/10459715-2003-06-12-00005-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10459715	*** PAGE 1 *** What is claimed is: l. A converter for convening electromagnetic energy to electric energy, the converter comprising: a material transparent to the electromagnetic energy with an index of refraction surl'nunded by a material with a lower index of refraction, the two materials forming a waveguide; and a rectiﬁer coupled to the waveguide and positioned to rectify the electromagnetic energy and form a positive and a negative region on the converter, from which a current may be drawn. 2. The converter of claim 1 in which the rectiﬁer comprises the surrounding material having alternating layers of p—type and n-typc material. 3. The converter of claim 2 in which the surrounding material having alternating layers of p-type and n-type material, the layers being separated by intrinsically neutral material. 4. The converter of claim I in which the rectiﬁer comprises a ballistic rectifying structure. 5. The converter of claim 4 in which the rectifying material comprises the inside of the surrounding material 6. The converter of claim 1 in which the rectiﬁer comprises a schottky diode structure. 7. The converter of claim 6 in which the rectifying material comprises the inside of the surrounding material. 8. The converter of claim I in which the rectiﬁer comprises a p-metal material, 'tt s'H‘E *** PAGE 2 *** 16 91 A cluster ol‘convcrters, the cluster comprising two 01 more converters of claim 1, the converters connected by conductive connectors. 10. A cluster of converters, the cluster comprising two or more converters 01' claim 1, the converters connected by electronic components. 11. The converter of claim 1 in which the converter is enclosed in an electromagnetic cavity. 12. The electromagnetic cavity of claim 11 in which the cavity comprises black siliconi 13. The cluster of converters in claim 1 in which one or more converter in the cluster is enclosed in an electromagnetic cavity. 14. The electromagnetic cavity of claim 13 in which the cavity comprises black silicon. 15. The cluster of converters of claim 1 1 in which the converters are connected out of phase such that the signal across the positive and negative region is a DC voltage. 16. An electromagnetic energy to electric energy converter comprising a structure deﬁning an electromagnetic waveguide. the structure having a region in which electric currents ﬂow upon propagation of electromagnetic energy within the wave—guide, the region having a positive region and a negative region; a positive conductive contact in the positive region for connection into an electric circuit, and a negative conductive contact in the negative region for connection into the electric circuit. *** PAGE 3 *** 17. The converter in claim 16 in which the guide is constructed in a semiconductor substrate. 18. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by rectifying PN material. 19. The converter of claim 18 where the rectifying materials are separated by an intrinsically neutral material. 20. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by rectifying P-Mctal material. 21. The converter of claim 20 where the rectifying materials are separated by an intrinsically neutral material. 22. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by rectifying metal—insulator—rnetal material. 23. The converter of claim 22 where the rectifying materials are separated by an intrinsically neutral material. 24. The converter in claim 16 in which the positive region and negative region are separated by a ballistic bridge rectifying structure. 25. The converter in claim 16 in which the rectifying materials comprise the inside surface of the guide. 26. The converter in Claim 23 in which the guide structure is [illerl with a dielectric. 0r insulator material, or a combination thereof. 27. A cluster ol‘converters, each convener comprising the converter of 16. *** PAGE 4 *** l8 28. The cluster of converters in claim 25 in which all the converters arc interconnecth using conductors, semiconductors, or electrical Circuit elements. 29. The cluster of converters in claim 25 in which all the converters are interconnected using optical wave—guides, or optical circuit elements. 30. The converter in claim 16 in which all or some of thc converters are encased in an electromagnetic cavity. 31. The cluster of converters in claim 25 in which all or some of thc converters are encased in an electromagnetic cavity. 32_ The cluster of converters in claim 28 where the cavity is composed of black silicon. 33. 'l‘hc cluster of convcrtcrs in claim 29 where the cavity is composed of black silicon.
+++./ocr/result/10940389-2004-09-13-00001-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10940389	*** PAGE 1 *** 4. (Previously Presented) The partnering game of claim 2 wherein the front side of each of the playing cards of the second and ﬁfth sets of playing cards further comprise a top portion and a bottom portion, the second indicia being disposed in the bottom portion, and wherein the top portion further comprises a selection portion. 5. (Previously Presented) A method of playing a partnering game comprising the steps of: providing a ﬁrst set of playing cards having a ﬁrst indicia disposed upon a front side, the ﬁrst indicia being from a first set of indicia; providing a second set of playing cards having a second indicia disposed upon a front side, the second indicia being from a second set of indicia; providing a third set of playing cards having a blank front side; providing an identical design upon the back sides of each of the playing cards of the ﬁrst, second, and third sets of playing cards; distributing to each male player a card from the ﬁrst set of playing cards and to each female player a card from the second set of playing cards; having each male and female player memorize the indicia disposed upon his card; distributing to each male player a plurality of cards from the third set of playing cards equal in number to one less than the number of female players playing the game; distributing to each female player a plurality of cards from the third set of playing cards equal in number to one less than the number of male players playing the game; having each player hold the distributed cards in such manner that the other players cannot see the front sides of the dishibuted cards; having each male player select a female player of his liking and each female player select a male player of her liking; having each male player form a ﬁrst card hand in such manner that when the cards in the ﬁrst card hand are dealt to the female players, the card from the ﬁrst set of playing cards is dealt to the selected female player; having each female player form a second card hand in such manner that when the cards in the second card hand are dealt to the male players, the card from the second set of playing cards is dealt to the selected male player; having each male player deal his ﬁrst card hand to the female players; having each female player deal her second card hand to the male players; having each male player retrieve from his dealt hand any cards from the second set of playing cards; having each female player retrieve from her dealt hand any cards from the ﬁrst set of playing cards; having each male player having at least one card from the second set of playing cards write in a front side selection portion of each card from the second set of playing cards his memorized indicia; having each female player having at least one card from the ﬁrst set of playing cards write in a front side selection portion of each card from the ﬁrst set of playing cards her memorized indicia; having each male or female player having no cards from either the second or ﬁrst sets of playing cards respectively bluff the writing of his, or her memorized indicia upon a card from the third set of playing cards; *** PAGE 2 *** 42 43 44 ._r ONOOOQONUr-hmwr— wwwmwwwwwWNNNNNNNNNN—‘t—HHr—‘t—‘HHH SQOOQOUI-bWNr—‘ONDOONCAUIkaNt—Ooooﬁchmbwlqt— combining and shufﬂing all of the playing cards front side down; removing the cards from the third set of playing cards from the shufﬂed cards; sorting the shufﬂed cards to reveal any two cards having identical indicia; and sorting the shufﬂed cards to reveal any card having dissimilar indicia. 6. (Previously Presented) A method of playing a partnering game comprising the steps of: providing a ﬁrst set of playing cards having a ﬁrst indicia disposed upon a front side, the ﬁrst indicia being from a ﬁrst set of indicia; providing a second set of playing cards having a second indicia disposed upon a front side, the second indicia being from a second set of indicia; providing a third set of playing cards having a blank front side; providing a fourth set of playing cards identical to the ﬁrst set of playing cards; providing a ﬁfth set of playing cards identical to the second set of playing cards; providing an identical design upon the back sides of each of the playing cards of the ﬁrst, second, third, fourth, and ﬁﬁh set of playing cards; selecting a play area; positioning a plurality of players around the play area; selecting a game host; the host forming three decks of cards from the ﬁrst, second, third, fourth and ﬁﬁh set of playing cards, a ﬁrst deck comprising the ﬁrst set of playing cards and the fourth set of playing cards arranged in such manner that each card from the fourth set of playing cards is positioned adjacent to it’s corresponding identical card from the ﬁrst set of playing cards, a second deck comprising the second set of playing cards and the ﬁfth set of playing cards arranged in such manner that each card from the ﬁfth set of playing cards is positioned adjacent to it’s corresponding identical card from the second set of playing cards, and a third deck comprising the third set of playing cards; dealing to each of a plurality of male players two identical cards from the ﬁrst . deck ﬁrst side down; dealing to each of a plurality of female players two identical cards ﬁ'om the second deck ﬁrst side down; dealing to each player a plurality of cards from the third deck equal to one less than the product of the number male players and female players; having each male player memorize the indicia of his card from the ﬁrst deck; having each female player memorize the indicia of her card from the second deck; having each player hold the distributed cards in such manner that the other players cannot see the front sides of the distributed cards; having each male player form a ﬁrst card hand comprising one card from the ﬁrst deck and a plurality of cards from the third deck, the number of cards in the ﬁrst card hand being equal to the number of female players; having each female player form a second card hand comprising one card from the second deck and a plurality of cards from the third deck, the number of cards in the second card hand being equal to the number of male players; having each male player select a female player of his liking and each female player select a male player of her liking; *** PAGE 3 *** VVWVU‘VIﬁwl‘J— av»-.-.—-v..,, having each male player position his card from the ﬁrst deck in his ﬁrst card hand in such manner that when the cards in the ﬁrst card hand are dealt to the female players, the card from the ﬁrst deck is dealt to the selected female player; having each female player position her card from the second deck in her second card hand in such manner that when the cards in the second card hand are dealt to the male players, the card from the second deck is dealt to the selected male player; having each male player deal his ﬁrst card hand to the female players; having each female player deal her second card hand to the male players; each male player giving his other card from the ﬁrst deck to the host and each female player giving her other card from the second deck to the host to form a heading deck; the host shufﬂing and arranging the heading deck in such manner that the cards from the first deck correspond to the headings of a plurality of columns of a matrix and the cards ﬁ'om the second deck correspond to the headings of a plurality of rows of the matrix, the plurality of columns corresponding to the number of male players and the plurality of rows corresponding to the number of female players; each male player arranging his remaining cards ﬁrst side down in the matrix in such manner that each of the matrix cells includes only one card and any cards ﬁ-om the second deck are positioned in the matrix in the column corresponding to his memorized indicia and row corresponding to the indicia of the card ﬁ'orn the second deck; each female player arranging her remaining cards ﬁrst side down in the matrix in such manner that each of the matrix cells includes only one card and any cards from the ﬁrst deck are positioned in the matrix in the row corresponding to her memorized indicia and the column corresponding to the indicia of the card ﬁ'om the ﬁrst deck; the host shufﬂing the cards ﬁont side down in each matrix cell; the host sorting the cards front side up in each matrix cell to reveal any cards from the ﬁrst deck and the second deck; and wherein any matrix cell having a pair of cards reveals a mutual attraction between corresponding male and female players and any matrix cell having only one card reveals an admirer of the player in whose row or column the card appears. 7. (Prew‘ously Presented) A method of playing a partnering game comprising the steps of: providing a first set of playing cards having a ﬁrst indicia disposed upon a front side, the ﬁrst indicia being from a ﬁrst set of indicia; providing a second set of playing cards having a second indicia disposed upon a front side, the second indicia being from a second set of indicia; providing a third set of playing cards having a blank front side; providing a fourth set of playing cards identical to the ﬁrst set of playing cards; providing a ﬁﬂh set of playing cards identical to the second set of playing cards; providing an identical design upon the back sides of each of the playing cards of the ﬁrst, second, third, fourth, and ﬁfth sets of playing cards; positioning a plurality of players around a play area in such manner that the male players comprises the heads of a plurality of columns of a matrix and the female players comprise the heads of a plurality of rows of the matrix; selecting a game host; *** PAGE 4 *** wwwVv\v|-oawl\l'—‘U\LJW\IU\ the host forming three decks of cards from the ﬁrst, second, third, fourth, and ﬁfth sets of playing cards, a ﬁrst deck comprising the ﬁrst set of playing cards and the fourth set of playing cards arranged in such manner that each card from the fourth set of playing cards is positioned adjacent to it’s corresponding identical card from the ﬁrst set of playing cards, a second deck comprising the second set of playing cards and the ﬁfth set of playing cards arranged in such manner that that each card from the ﬁfth set of playing cards is positioned adjacent to it’s corresponding identical card from the second set of playing cards, and a third deck comprising the third set of playing cards; dealing to each of the male players two identical cards from the ﬁrst deck ﬁrst side down; dealing to each of the female players two identical cards from the second deck ﬁrst side down; dealing to each of the male players a plurality of cards from the third deck corresponding to the number of female players minus one; dealing to each of the female players a plurality of cards from the third deck corresponding to the number of male players minus one; each male player hiding one of the identical cards ﬁom the ﬁrst deck; each female player hiding one of the identical cards from the second deck; having each male player memorize the indicia of his card from the ﬁrst deck; having each female player memorize the indicia of her card from the second deck; having each male player select a female player of his liking and each female player select a male player of her liking; each male player arranging his cards ﬁrst side down in his matrix column in such manner that each of the matrix cells includes only one card and such that his card from the ﬁrst deck is positioned in the matrix in the row of the selected female player; each female player arranging her cards ﬁrst side down in her matrix row in such manner that each of the matrix cells includes only one card and such that her card from the second deck is positioned in the matrix in the column of the selected male player; the host randomly picking up each set of cards ﬁom each matrix cell; the host randomly replacing each set of cards in the matrix cells; the host removing all the cards from the third deck from the matrix cells to reveal any cell containing two cards; and wherein any cell containing two cards reveals a mutual attraction between a male player and a female player having corresponding indicia. 8. (Previously Presented) A method of playing a partnering game comprising the steps of: providing a ﬁrst set of playing cards having a ﬁrst indicia disposed upon a front side, the ﬁrst indicia being from a ﬁrst set of indicia; providing a second set of playing cards having a second indicia disposed upon a front side, the second indicia being from a second set of indicia; providing a third set of playing cards having a blank ﬁ'ont side; providing a fourth set of playing cards identical to the ﬁrst set of playing cards; providing a ﬁfth set of playing cards identical to the second set of playing cards; providing an identical design upon the back sides of each of the playing cards of the ﬁrst, second, third, fourth, and ﬁfth sets of playing cards; *** PAGE 5 *** 12 l3 I4 15 16 17 18 19 2C 21 22 23 24 25 26 I 22 29 3c 31 32 33 34 3: 3c 37 3s 35 4( 41 4: 4: 4; 4: 4c 4: 42 4s 5( 51 5: 5: 51 positioning a plurality of players around a play area in such manner that the male players comprise the heads of a plurality of columns of a matrix and the female players comprise the heads of a plurality of rows of the matrix; selecting a game host; ' the host forming three decks of cards from the ﬁrst, second, third, fourth, and ﬁfth sets of playing cards, a ﬁrst deck comprising the ﬁrst set of playing cards and the fourth set of playing cards arranged in such manner that each card from the fourth set of playing cards is positioned adjacent to it’s corresponding identical card from the ﬁrst set of playing cards, a second deck comprising the second set of playing cards and the ﬁfth set of playing cards arranged in such manner that that each card from the ﬁfth set of playing cards is positioned adjacent to it’s corresponding identical card from the second set of playing cards, and a third deck comprising the third set of playing cards; dealing to each of the male players two identical cards from the ﬁrst deck ﬁrst side down; dealing to each of the female players two identical cards from the second deck ﬁrst side down; dealing to each of the male players a plurality of cards from the third deck corresponding to the number of female players minus one; dealing to each of the female players a plurality of cards from the third deck corresponding to the number of male players minus one; each male player hiding one of the identical cards from the ﬁrst deck; each female player hiding one of the identical cards from the second deck; having each male player memorize the indicia of his card from the ﬁrst deck; having each female player memorize the indicia of her card from the second deck; having each male player select a female player of his liking and each female player select a male player of her liking; each male player arranging his cards ﬁrst side down in his matrix column in such manner that each of the matrix cells includes only one card and such that his card from the ﬁrst deck is positioned in the matrix in the row of the selected female player; each female player arranging her cards ﬁrst side down in her matrix row in such manner that each of the matrix cells includes only one card and such that her card from the second deck is positioned in the matrix in the column of the selected male player; each male player picking up each two card stack in each matrix cell in his column ﬁrst side down in such manner that their order is preserved and forming a ﬁrst stack of cards; each male player placing his hidden card on top of the ﬁrst stack of cards to form a second stack; each male player binding his second stack; the host shufﬂing the second stacks and redistributing the stacks to the male players; each male player removing the top card from the second stack and placing it ﬁrst side up to form a column heading; each male player placing each two card stack front side down in each matrix cell corresponding to each female player; *** PAGE 6 *** 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 '69 70 Nam-[>me each female player picking up each two card stack in each matrix cell in her row ﬁrst side down in such manner that their order is preserved and forming a third stack of cards; I each female player placing her hidden card on top of the third stack of cards to form a fourth stack; each female player binding her fourth stack; the host shufﬂing the fourth stacks and redistributing the fourth stacks to the female players; each female player removing the top card from the fourth stack and placing it ﬁrst side up to form a row heading; each female player placing each two card stack front side down in each matrix cell corresponding to each male player; the host removing from each two card stack the cards ﬁ‘om the third deck; and wherein any two cards remaining in a matrix cell reveals a mutual attraction and any matrix cell having one card reveals an admirer of the person corresponding to the indicia of the column or row the card remains in. 19. (Previously Presented) A method of playing a partnering game comprising the steps of: providing a means for enabling male and female players to anonymously select a player of their liking; and providing a means for determining whether or not the selected player like the selecting player in such manner that only a mutually self-selected male-female couple knows of the selection. REMARKS The present application is a divisional application of Ser. No. 09/881,653 filed on 06/ 14/200 11 CONCLUSION Applicant respectfully submits that claimsl—8 and 19 are in condition for allowance and requests notice to that effect. In the event the Examiner wishes to discuss any aspect of this response, please contact the attorney at the telephone number identiﬁed below. *** PAGE 7 *** Respectfully submitted, Mountain View, CA 94042 650-868-8530 CERTIFICATE OF MAILING Ihereby certify that this paper or fee is being deposited with sufﬁcient postage with the United States Postal Service as Express Mail and is addressed to Commissioner of Patents, .0. Box 1450, Alexandria, VA 22313-1450. Signed: N Date: (31 W1 Douglas E. Zle Reg. No. 3
+++./ocr/result/10973487-2004-10-26-00007-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10973487	*** PAGE 1 *** D5487 CLAIMS at is claimed is: In an internal combustion engine having at least two banks of cylinders disposed in a V-shaped arrangement, first and second air ducts for supplying compressed air respectively to respective first and second intake manifolds associated with the cylinder banks, the air ducts crossing from one side of the engine to the other, the improvement wherein the air ducts twist at least in the crossover region and have a cross-sectional shape such that they sit in flat contact with one another. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 1 and a crossover pipe having portions of the two air ducts integrally incorporated therein. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 2 the two air ducts having a common wall within the crossover pipe. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 2 wherein the air ducts respectively have an essentially semi-circular cross-section within the crossover pipe and twist in such a way that, together, they form an essentially circular cross—sectional shape at the outer circumference thereof. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 2 wherein the air ducts respectively have connectors for lines for recirculating exhaust gas and the connectors are disposed in the crossover pipe. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 1, wherein the air ducts respectively have an essentially semi-circular cross-section at least in the crossover region and twist in such a way that, together, they form an essentially 8 *** PAGE 2 *** D5487 circular cross-sectional shape at the outer circumference. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 1 wherein the air ducts respectively have connectors for lines for recirculating exhaust gas and the connectors are disposed in the crossover region of the air ducts. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 7 wherein the connectors are spaced apart on the same side of the twisted air ducts in a symmetrical arrangement with respect to a crossover point of the air ducts. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 7 wherein the compressed air is supplied respectively to the ducts by two turbochargers. A charge air system for an internal combustion engine of V-shaped configuration, each bank of said engine having an intake manifold comprising: a first air duct fluidly connected to supply charge air exclusively to the intake manifold of one bank of cylinders; a second air duct ﬂuidly connected to supply charge air exclusively to a second bank of cylinders; and a crossover pipe in which portions of the first air duct and the second air duct are integrally incorporated. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 10 wherein the two air ducts have a common wall within the crossover pipe. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 10 wherein the air ducts respectively have an essentially semi-circular cross-section within the crossover pipe and twist in such a way that, together, they form an essentially circular cross-sectional shape at the outer circumference thereof. 9 *** PAGE 3 *** 05487 The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 10 wherein the air ducts respectively have connectors for lines for recirculating exhaust gas and the connectors are disposed in the crossover pipe. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 13 wherein the connectors are spaced apart on the same side of the twisted air ducts in a symmetrical arrangement with respect to a crossover point of the air ducts. A crossover pipe for use an internal combustion engine of V-shaped conﬁguration, each bank of said engine having an intake manifold and an air duct fluidly connected thereto to supply charge air exclusively to such intake manifold, comprising: an integral body incorporating separated portions of the air ducts for each bank, said air ducts having a common wall within the crossover pipe. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 15 wherein the air ducts respectively have an essentially semi-circular cross-section within the crossover pipe and twist in such a way that, together. they form an essentially circular cross-sectional shape at the outer circumference thereof. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 15 wherein the air ducts respectively have connectors for lines for recirculating exhaust gas and the connectors are disposed in the crossover pipe. The internal combustion engine as claimed in claim 17 wherein the connectors are spaced apart on the same side of the twisted air ducts in a symmetrical arrangement with respect to a crossover point of the air ducts. 10
+++./ocr/result/12929356-2011-01-19-00005-CLM.pdf.txt+++
12929356	*** PAGE 1 *** wbooRow ‘ Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 AMENDMENTS TO THE CLAIMS: This listing of claims will replace all prior versions, and listings, of claims in the application: Claims 1 (original). A conjugate for use in medical imaging, which conjugate comprises a carrier in the form of a protein molecule or a particle formed from protein molecules. the carrier being bound to a contrast agent, or a precursor thereof, and to a targeting moiety having an afﬁnity with a speciﬁc locus within the body. wherein the carrier molecule is coupled to the targeting moiety by a heterobifunctional cross-linking agent having one reactivity that is specific to functional groups present on the carrier and absent on the targeting moiety, and another reactivity that is specific to functional groups present on the targeting moiety and absent from the carrier. 2 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 1, which is for use in magnetic resonance imaging. 3 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 2, wherein the contrast agent comprises paramagnetic metal ions. 4 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 3, wherein the metal ions include Gd3+ ions. 1744705 *** PAGE 2 *** wcooRow Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 5 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 3-er—Glaim4, wherein the metal ions are coupled to the carrier via a chelating moiety that is covalently bound to the carrier. 6 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 1, which is for use in nuclear imaging. 7 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 6. wherein the contrast agent comprises radioactive metal ions. 8 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 7, wherein the radioactive metal is selected from the group consisting of 99mTc. 201T1 and 111in. 9 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 7-er—Glaim-8, wherein the metal is coupled to the carrier via a chelating moiety that is covalently bound to the carrier. 10 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in Claim See-Claim—Q. wherein the chelating moiety comprises carboxyl groups, or derivatives thereof, that react with amine groups in the carrier to form amide bonds. 11 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 10, wherein the chelating moiety is an acetic acid derivative of a compound comprising multiple amine groups. I 744 705 *** PAGE 3 *** wbooRow Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 12 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 11, wherein the chelating moiety is selected from the group consisting of ethylenediamine tetraacetic acid, diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid, and derivatives thereof. 13 (original). A conjugate for the delivery of a metal to the body, which conjugate comprises a carrier in the form of a protein molecule or a particle formed from protein molecules, the carrier being coupled via a chelating agent to said metal and conjugated with a targeting moiety having an affinity with a specific locus within the body. 14 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 5—er—any—ene-ef Glaimer-te—‘ra, wherein between 10 and 100 chelating moieties are coupled to each protein molecule. 15 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 14, wherein between 20 and 60 chelating moieties are coupled to each protein molecule. 16 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 1, which is for use in X-ray imaging. 17 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 16, wherein the contrast agent is an iodine compound. I 744705 *** PAGE 4 *** WOODROW Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 18 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any-pmeeding—elaimCiaim 1, wherein the protein molecule is a single, complete or substantially complete, protein molecule. 19 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any-eae-ei-Glaims—i—te 4-ZCIaim 1, wherein the protein molecule is an oligomer of conjugated complete or substantially complete protein molecules. 20 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 19, wherein the oligomer comprises from two to twenty discrete protein molecules, more preferably up to ten, or up to five, discrete protein molecules. 21 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any—preeedMQ—elaimClaim 1, wherein the protein is derived from humans, or is identical, or substantially so, in structure to protein of human origin. 22 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in anypreeeding—elaimClaim _1_, wherein the protein is an 'albumin. 23 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 22, wherein the albumin is human serum albumin. 24 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 23, wherein the albumin is | 744 705 *** PAGE 5 *** wOooRow Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 recombinant human serum albumin. 25 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any—preeeding—elaimClaim _1_, which is soluble and wherein the carrier comprises a protein molecule. 26 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any—eneef—Glaims—He 240laim 1, wherein the carrier is in the form of a particle formed from protein molecules. 27 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any—preeedingelaimClaim 1, wherein the targeting moiety is selected from the group consisting of antibodies. other proteins and peptides. 28 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 27, wherein the targeting moiety is an antibody. 29 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 28, wherein the antibody is a monoclonal antibody. 30 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any-preeeding—claimClaim 1. wherein the cross-linking agent comprises groups that are reactive to —SH groups on the carrier. 31 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 30, wherein the cross-linking agent l744705 *** PAGE 6 *** WOODROW Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 comprises a group selected from the group consisting of maleimide, 2-pyridyldithio. haloacetate, haloacetamide, aziridine. acryloyl/vinyl, 4-pyridyidithio and 2-nitrobenzoate- 5-dithio. 32 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any-preeeeling—elaimClaim 1, wherein the cross-linking agent comprises groups that are reactive to carbohydrate moieties, or derivatives thereof. present on the targeting moiety. 33 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 32, wherein the cross—linking agent comprises a hydrazide group. 34 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any-eneet—GlaimséO—te 330laim 30, wherein the cross-linking agent is selected from the group consisting of: maleimidocaproic acid hydrazide; 3-(2-pyridyldithio)-propionyl hydrazide; maleimidopropionic acid hydrazide; N-(K-maleimidoundecanoic acid) hydrazide; and 4—(4-N-maleimidophenyl)butyric acid hydrazide. 35 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 25, wherein more than one carrier is coupled to the targeting moiety. 36 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 35, comprising from 2 to 10 1744705 *** PAGE 7 *** wbooRow Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 carriers per targeting moiety. 37 (original). A conjugate as claimed in Claim 36. comprising from 2 to 5 carriers per targeting moiety. 38 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in any-preeeding—elaimClaim 1, wherein the targeting moiety is an antibody and is coupled to the carrier via a coupling site in the constant region of the antibody. 39 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in aay—preeeding—elaimClaim 1, in which at least 90%, more preferably at least 95%, and most preferably at least 99% of the agents for delivery to the body (or precursors thereof) present in the conjugate are covalently bound to the carrier. 40 (currently amended). A conjugate as claimed in WeedingelaimClaim 1, that has a binding activity of the targeting moiety in the conjugate, as measured in a competitive binding assay, of at least 50%, more preferably at least 60%, 70%, 80% or at least 90%, that of the free targeting moiety. 41 (currently amended). A formulation comprising a conjugate according to Weding—elaimClaim 1, in admixture with a pharmaceutically acceptable liquid medium. l 744705 *** PAGE 8 *** WOODROW -Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 42 (original). A formulation as claimed in Claim 41, wherein the liquid medium is aqueous. 43 (original). A method for the preparation of a targeted conjugate of an agent for delivery to the body with a carrier, which method comprises ~ (a) reacting the agent for delivery to the body, or a precursor thereof, with the carrier to form an intermediate conjugate. and thereafter (b) (i) reacting the intermediate conjugate with a heterobifunctional cross-linking agent to activate the intermediate conjugate and then reacting the activated intermediate conjugate with a targeting moiety, or (ii) reacting the intermediate conjugate with a targeting moiety that has been activated by reaction with a heterobifunctional cross-linking agent, or (iii) causing the intermediate conjugate, a heterobifunctional cross-linking agent and a targeting moiety to react simultaneously together, wherein the cross-linking agent has one functionality that is speciﬁc for reaction with groups present on the carrier and absent from the targeting moiety, and a second functionality that is specific for reaction with groups present on the targeting moiety and absent from the carrier. 44 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 43, wherein the carrier material is proteinaceous. 45 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 44, wherein the carrier material is an _ 10 . 1744705 *** PAGE 9 *** wbooRow 'Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 albumin. 46 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 45, wherein the albumin is human serum albumin. 47 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 46. wherein the albumin is recombinant human serum albumin. 48 (currently amended). A method as claimed in any-ene—ef—Glaime—43—te 4¥Claim 43, wherein the targeting moiety is an antibody. 49 (currently amended). A method as claimed in any—eneef-Giaims43-te 4SC|aim 43, wherein the cross-linking agent comprises a group that is reactive with sulphydryl groups. 50 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 49. wherein the cross-linking agent comprises a group selected from the group consisting of maieimide, 2-pyridyldithio, haloacetate. haloacetamide, aziridine. acryloyl/vinyl. 4-pyridyidithio and 2-nitrobenzoate- 5-dithio. 51 (currently amended). A method as claimed in anyone-ef-GIaimsAS-te 480laim 43, wherein the cross-linking agent comprises a group that is reactive with carbohydrate moieties or derivatives thereof. _ I 1 . I744705 *** PAGE 10 *** woooRow -Appl. No. Unassigned January 19. 2011 52 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 51, wherein the cross-linking agent comprises a hydrazide group. 53 (currently amended). A method as claimed in anygne-et—GlaimsAS-te 520laim 43, wherein the agent for delivery to the body has, or is coupled to the carrier via an intermediate compound or moiety that contains, carboxyl groups. 54 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 49, wherein step (b) is preceded by unblocking of sulphydryl groups present on the carrier. 55 (currently amended). A method as claimed in any-eneet-Glaims—‘lS—te 540Iaim 43, wherein step (a) involves reacting the carrier with a chelating agent and the method further comprises formation of a chelate between the chelating agent bound to the carrier material and metal ions added to the reaction mixture, wherein the pH of the reaction mixture is maintained between 5.0 and 6.5 during addition of said metal ions. 56 (currently amended). A method as claimed in Walrus-4346 550laim 43, wherein the carrier comprises a soluble protein molecule. 57 (currently amended). A method as claimed in WW9 550|aim 43, wherein the carrier is a particle, and the method comprises the preliminary step of forming the particle from particle-forming material. -12. 1744705 *** PAGE 11 *** wbooRow 'Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 58 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 57, wherein the particle is formed by a method that comprises the steps of i) forming a suspension of the particle-forming material; and ii) spray-drying said suspension. 59 (original). A method as claimed in Claim 58, wherein the suspension of particle-fanning material is formed by dissolving the particle-forming material in a solvent, and then adding a non-solvent for the particle-forming material, so as to bring about precipitation of the particle-forming material. 60 (currently amended). A method as claimed in any-ef-Glaimsﬁ—teéQClaim g, which is for the preparation of a conjugate as 49identified above. 61 (currently amended). A conjugate prepared by the method of anyone-of Glaims—43—te—690laim 43. 62 (currently amended). A method for enhancing the contrast of an image obtained by a medical imaging technique, which method comprises the administration, prior to the image being obtained, of a conjugate according to any-eneef—Glaime44940 mm, or a formulation aseerdirag4e—any—eine—ef—GlairnsA44e—42identified above, to a human or animal subject from which the image is to be obtained. _ l3 . 1744705 *** PAGE 12 *** 4! .~ WCODROW ‘Appl. No. Unassigned January 19, 2011 63 (currently amended). The use of a conjugate according to anyone-95 Gtaims—t—teAOer—Glaim—M—Claim 1 in the manufacture of a formulation for enhancing the contrast of an image to be obtained by a medical imaging technique. -14- 1744705
+++./ocr/result/11529395-2006-09-29-00012-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11529395	*** PAGE 1 *** 0005.1160 CLAIMS What is claimed is: 1. An image forming device having a uniﬁed address book. comprising: a scanning part to scan a document and to create a scan-data of the document; a storing part to store an address book including an address information of a recipient; a user interfacing part to display the stored address book and to receive the address information to transmit the scan-data selected through the address book by a user; a controlling part to extract the address book from the storing part and to display the extracted address book on the user interfacing part when the document to be scanned is recognized as being inserted into the scanning part, and to control the scanning part to scan the inserted document when the address inforrnalion is received through the user interfacing part; and a data communicating part to transmit the scan-data created based on the received address information. 2. The image forming device of claim 1, wherein the controlling part recognizes the document to be scanned as being inserted into the scanning part when one of the document to be scanned is inserted into an Auto Documents Feeder (ADF) of the scanning part and/or when a ﬂatbed cover of the scanning part is opened. 3. The image forming device of claim 1. wherein the address information comprises at least one of a telephone number. a fax number, an email address, and a Fiie Transfer Protocol (FTP) address. 4. The image forming device of claim 1, wherein the user interfacing part further receives a data property to be applied in transmitting the scan-data. 5. The image forming device of claim 1, wherein the data communicating part comprises a Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) interfacing part and/or a network interfacing part. 6. The image forming device of claim 1, further comprising: 13 *** PAGE 2 *** 0005.1160 an embedded web server part capable of editing the address book. 7. The image forming device of claim 1, wherein the controlling part controls the image forming device to copy the document to be scanned, when the document to be scanned is recognized as being inserted into the scanning part, but a requesting signal to copy is received from the user interfacing part. 8. The image forming device of claim 1, wherein the controlling part controls the image forming device to copy the document to be scanned, when the document to be scanned is recognized as being inserted into the scanning part, but the address information is not received from the user interfacing part and a predetermined time passes. 9. A method for transmitting a scan-data of an image forming device, comprising: displaying an address book including an address information of a recipient, when a document to be scanned is inserted in a scanning part; receiving the address information to transmit a scan-data selected through the address book by a user; creating the scan-data by scanning the document; and transmitting the scan-data based on the received address information. 10. The method for transmitting a scan-data of claim 9, wherein the address information comprises at least one of a telephone number, a fax number, an email address, and a File Transfer Protocol (FTP) address. 11. The method for transmitting a scan-data of claim 9, wherein the receiving step further comprises receiving a data property to be applied in transmitting the scan-data. 12. The method for transmitting a scan-data of claim 9, further comprising editing the address book using an embedded web server part. 13. The method for transmitting a scan-data of claim 9, further comprising: copying the document to be scanned, when the document to be scanned is recognized 14 *** PAGE 3 *** 0005.1160 as being inserted into a scanning part, but a requesting signal to copy is received from the user. 14. The method for transmitting a scan-data of claim 9, further comprising: copying the document to be scanned, when the document to be scanned is recognized as being inserted into a scanning part, but the address information is not received from the user interfacing part and a predetermined time passes. 15. The image forming device of claim 1, wherein the scan—data is transmitted to two or more of the recipient's address information. 16. The image forming device of claim 4, wherein the data property includes at least one of a scan—data type, a resolution, and/or an image format related to the image forming device setting. 17. The method of claim 9, wherein the scan—data is transmitted to two or more of the recipient's address information. 18. The method of claim 11. wherein the data property includes at least one of a scan- data type, a resolution, and an image format related to the image forming device setting. 19. An image forming device containing at least one address book, comprising: a storage to store the at least one address book containing a plurality of address information for at least one recipient; a user interface to display the plurality of address information and to receive a user's selection of at least two of the address information; and a data communicator to transmit at least one scan-data to the selected at least two address information for at least one recipient using at least one communication network. 20. The image forming device of claim 19, further comprising a scan data obtainer to obtain the scan-data. 21. The image forming device of claim 19, wherein the at least two address information 15 *** PAGE 4 *** 0005.1160 includes at least two selected from a group that includes a telephone number. a fax number, an email address, and a File Transfer Protocol (FTP) address. 22. The image forming device of claim 1, wherein the at least one communication network includes at least one selected from a group that includes a Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN), the internet, and/or an intranet. 23. A method of transmitting a scan-data to a recipient using an address book of an image forming device, comprising: obtaining at least one scan-data: selecting at least two of a recipient‘s address information using an address book of an image forming device; and transmitting the at least one scan-data to the at least two address information using at least one communication network. 24. The method of claim 23, wherein the at least two address information includes at least two selected from a group that includes a telephone number, a fax number, an email address, and a File Transfer Protocol (FTP) address. 25. The method of claim 23, wherein the at least one communication network includes at least one selected from a group that includes a Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN), the internet, and an intranet. 26. An image forming device having a unified address book, comprising: a storage to store the uniﬁed address book containing at least one address information for each recipient; a user interface to display the at least one address information and to receive a user's selection of the at least one address information; and a data communicator to transmit at least one scan-data to the selected at least one address information using a data transmission path corresponding to the selected at least one address information. 16 *** PAGE 5 *** 0005.1160 27. The image forming device of claim 26, wherein the data transmission path includes at least one selected from a group that includes a Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN), the internet, and an intranet. 28. The image forming device of claim 27, wherein the at least one address information includes at least one selected from a group that includes a telephone number, a fax number, an email address, and a File Transfer Protocol (FTP) address. 29. Amethod of transmitting a scan-data to a recipient using an image forming device containing an address book having at least one address information for each recipient, comprising: displaying the at least one address information; receiving a user’s selection of the at least one address information; and transmitting the scan-data to the selected at least one address information using a data transmission path corresponding to the selected at least one address information. 30. The method of claim 29, wherein the data transmission path includes at least one selected from a group that includes a Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN), the internet, and an intranet. 31. The method of claim 30, wherein the at least one address information includes at least one selected from a group that includes a telephone number, a fax number, an email address, and a File Transfer Protocol (FTP) address. 32. A processor and/or a computer readable medium encoded with processor and/or computer-executable instructions for performing the method of claim 9. 33. A processor and/or a computer readable medium encoded with processor and/or computer-executable instructions for performing the method of claim 23. 34. A processor and/or a computer readable medium encoded with processor and/or computer-executable instructions for performing the method of claim 29. 17
+++./ocr/result/10750675-2003-12-31-00006-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10750675	*** PAGE 1 *** WHAT IS CLAINIED IS: 1. A method of improving speaker sound quality in a vehicle, comprising the steps of: determining standard sound ranges based upon the number and positions of passengers in a standard vehicle; creating a memory table with data describing the most appropriate speaker angles and sound pressure output levels for each standard sound range; detecting a passenger’s position, number of passengers, and positions of the passengers’ ears; selecting the standard sound range that corresponds to the number and positions of passengers in the vehicle; ﬁnding the speaker angles and sound pressure output levels from the memory table corresponding to the standard sound range from the selecting step; adjusting each speaker so that each speaker satisfies the speaker angles and sound pressure output levels from the finding step. 2. The method in claim 1, wherein the sound standard range is divided into eleven seating arrangements and the eleven seating arrangements include: a first instance of a driver seated in a driver’s seat; a second instance of a passenger seated in a VIP seat; third to sixth instances where two passengers are seated in a driver’s seat and a front passenger seat, two passengers are seated in the back seats in the left and right sides, one passenger is seated in the driver’s seat and one passenger is seated in the left passenger seat. and one passenger is seated in the front passenger seat and another passenger is seated in the right passenger seat; 11 *** PAGE 2 *** seventh to tenth instances where three passengers are seated in the two front seats and one passenger is seated in the left passenger seat, two passengers are seated in the front two seats and one passenger is seated in the right passenger seat, two passengers are seated in the back seat and a driver is seated in the driver's seat, and two passengers are seated in the back seats and one passenger is seated in the front passenger seat; and an eleventh instance where four passengers are seated in the front two seats and in the back seats. 3. The method in claim 1, wherein the detecting step further comprises: using piezo—electric elements mounted on seats to determine the number and positions of the passengers; and using ultrasonic sensors mounted on a roof to determine ear positions of passengers. 4. A method of improving speaker sound quality in a vehicle, comprising the steps of: detecting the number, seating positions, and ear positions of passengers; determining a standard sound range based on the data obtained in the detecting step; and adjusting angles and sound pressure level outputs of each speakers according to the standard sound range. 5. The method in claim 4, further comprising the steps of: executing the detecting step at predetermined intervals; and 12 *** PAGE 3 *** executing the determining and adjusting steps if the position of the passengers changed since the speakers were most recently adjusted. l3
+++./ocr/result/13159322-2011-06-13-00004-CLM.pdf.txt+++
13159322	*** PAGE 1 *** VIA EFS—VVEB ONLY -7. CLAIMS What is claimed is: l. A method for rotationally restraining a vessel on a holder during processing of the contents of the vessel, comprising the steps of: providing a vessel having a side wall and a bottom wall having a ﬁrst plurality of anti-rotation features laterally offset from the longitudinal axis of the vessel; providing a support having a least one second anti-rotation element; positioning the vessel on the support such that only one of the ﬁrst plurality of anti—rotation features and only one of the second anti—rotational elements are in anti— rotational contact with one another; and processing ingredients within the vessel using a rotating element. wherein contact between the ﬁrst plurality of anti rotation elements and second anti-rotation features prevents rotation of the vessel relative to the support. 2. The method according to claim 1, wherein the support is provided to have only one second anti-rotation element. 3. The method according to claim 1, wherein the support is provided to have only two anti-rotation elements. 4. The method according to claim 2. wherein positioning the vessel positions the vessel such that the second anti-rotation element is laterally offset from the longitudinal axis of the vessel. 5. The method according to claim 1. wherein no two ofthe ﬁrst plurality of anti— rotation elements are offset from one another by an angle of 180“. Atty Docket No.. FRLFT’O09D1 *** PAGE 2 *** VIA EFS-WEB ONLY -8- 6. A method for providing a food product and rotationally restraining a cup containing the product against a torque generated by a food preparation device used to prepare the food product, the method comprising: providing the cup, the cup comprising a cup wall that deﬁnes an interior and a cup bottom, the cup having an opening through which a blade may pass to prepare the food product; providing the food product in a ﬁozen state within the interior of the cup; and providing an anti rotation mechanism formed within the cup bottom, the anti rotation mechanism conﬁgured to mate with a cup holder of the food preparation device, the anti rotation mechanism comprising: a ﬁrst structural element having a ﬁrst pattern and formed in the cup bottom of the cup wall to engage the container product within a cup holder associated with the food preparation device so as to prevent rotation of the cup during processing; a second structural element within a volume formed by the ﬁrst pattern and comprised of the frozen food or beverage material within the interior, the ﬁrst pattern comprising a plurality of vanes, the plurality of vanes comprising a greater number of vanes than a group of one or more stationary mating elements of the cup holder, the ﬁrst pattern arranged such that only one of the plurality of vanes makes contact with a stationary mating element of the cup holder. 7. A method for providing a food product and rotationally restraining a cup containing the product against a torque generated by a food preparation device used to prepare the food product, the method comprising: providing a cup having an open topw a sidewall, and a bottom; and providing a group of vanes formed within the bottom of the cup, the group of vanes conﬁgured to seat within a cup holder that comprises two or more elements radiating from a central point, Atty Docket No.. FRLFP009D1 *** PAGE 3 *** VIA EFS—WEB ONLY -9- the vanes of the cup arranged such that only one vane of the group may seat against and contact a radial element of the cup when the cup is inserted into the cup holder. 8. A method for providing a food product and rotationally restraining a cup containing the product against a torque generated by a food preparation device used to prepare the food product, the method comprising: providing the cup, the cup comprising a cup wall that deﬁnes an interior and a cup bottom, the cup having an opening through which a blade may pass to prepare the food product; providing the food product in a frozen state within the interior of the cup; providing an anti rotation mechanism formed within the cup bottom, the anti rotation mechanism comprising a plurality of vanes radiating from a central location; and providing a food preparation machine comprising: a cup holder having a plurality ofridges extending radially from a central location; and a rotating blade that enters the cup to blend the frozen food product, wherein the blade creates a torque upon the cup, and wherein the rotation of the blade causes a single vane of the anti rotation mechanism to contact a single ridge ofthe plurality ofridges ofthe Cup holder. 9. The method of claim 8, wherein the vanes of the anti rotation mechanism are spaced approximately [20 degrees apart. 10. The method of claim 8, wherein the ridges of the cup holder are spaced approximately 180 degrees apart. I l. The method of claim 10, wherein no two ofthe vanes are spaced I80 degrees apart. Atty Docket No.. FRLFT’O09D1 *** PAGE 4 *** VIA EFS—WEB ONLY .10. 12. The method of claim 8, further comprising rotating the cup no more than 65 degrees before a vane of the cup makes contact with a ridge of the cup holder. 13. The method of claim 8, wherein the vanes of the cup provided allow no more than 65 degrees of rotation before a vane of the cup makes contact with a ridge of the cup holder. 14. A method for providing a food product and rotationally restraining a cup containing the product against a torque generated by a food preparation device used to prepare the food product, the method comprising: providing the cup, the cup comprising a cup wall that deﬁnes an interior and a cup bottom, the cup having an opening through which a blade may pass to prepare the food product; providing the food product in a frozen state within the interior of the cup; providing an anti rotation mechanism formed within the cup bottom, the anti rotation mechanism, the anti rotation mechanism comprising a ﬁrst plurality of vanes radiating from a central location; and providing a cup holder of the food preparation device comprising a second plurality of ridges radiating from a central location. the second plurality of ridges conﬁgured to sit between the vanes of the ﬁrst plurality and to prevent rotation of the cup when a vane is rotated into a ridge, wherein only one of the plurality of vanes may seat upon one of the plurality ofridges when the cup is inserted into the cup holder. 15. A method for providing a food product, the method comprising: Atty Docket No. FRLFT’O09D1 *** PAGE 5 *** 10 VIA EFS-WEB ONLY -11- providing a cup, the cup comprising a cup wall that deﬁnes an interior and a cup bottom, the cup having an opening through which a blade may pass to prepare a food product within the cup; providing the food product in a Frozen state within the interior of the cup; providing an anti rotation mechanism formed within the cup bottom, the anti rotation mechanism, the anti rotation mechanism comprising a ﬁrst plurality of vanes radiating from a central location; providing a cup holder comprising a second plurality of ridges radiating from a central location, the second plurality of ridges conﬁgured to sit between the vanes of the ﬁrst plurality, the ﬁrst and second pluralities arranged to allow no more than 65 degrees of rotation of the cup before a vane of the ﬁrst plurality is rotated into a ridge of the second plurality, and thereafter to prevent rotation of the cup. Atty Docket No.. FRLFT’OO9D1
+++./ocr/result/10318287-2002-12-11-00003-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10318287	*** PAGE 1 *** Patent Application Docket No. DRB‘IOOR Claims What is claimed is: 1. A removable illumination device that displays, comprising: a housing having a front component, a removable panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be illuminated, said panel is removed by a removable connector means, said front component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough; a plurality of suction cups extending from said front component of said housing for the attachment to a suitable surface; a light source for illuminating indicia on said panel, said back component of said housing being dimensioned and conﬁgured to receive said light source; and a power source, said power source connected to said light source to provide electricity for illumination. 2. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said power source is selected ﬁ'om the group consisting of a connection to a cigarette lighter, a battery, and small solar panel assembly, or any combination thereof. 3. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said power source is a solar power assembly. 4. The removable illumination device in claim 3, wherein said solar power assembly can be pivoted into alternative positions subjecting the cells of said solar power assembly to the best angle of light. 5. The removable illumination device in claim 2, wherein said power source is powered by a combination of a solar power assembly and at one rechargeable battery. 15 *** PAGE 2 *** . iﬂw.1ﬂimﬂ? ..E.Eiiﬂ§ Patent Application Docket No, DRE-100R 6. The removable illumination device in claim 5, wherein said solar power assembly can be pivoted into alternative positions subjecting cells of said solar power assembly to the best angle of light. 7. The removable illumination device in claim 1, further comprising a sealing means attached to said outer edge of said front component of said housing for the prevention of interior illumination. 8. The removable illumination device in claim 7, wherein said sealing means which is constructed and selected from the group consisting of rubber, rubber-like, foam, and plastic, 9. The removable illumination device in claim 1, further comprising a circuit switch adapted to turn said light source on and off. 10. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said indicia on said panel includes a high gloss view during the daylight hours and said indicia is selected from the group consisting of a message, logo, advertisement, symbols, digits, and characters. 11. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said front component and said back component of said housing includes a removable connection means selected from of the group consisting of a snap-like attachment, magnetic attachment, clasps, clamps, interlocking male/female threaded ends, and slotted. 12. The removable illumination device in claim 1, wherein said light source is selected from the group consisting of a light bulb assembly or an incandescent light assembly. 13. A removable illumination device that displays, comprising: a housing having a ﬁ'ont component, a removable panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be 16 *** PAGE 3 *** Patent Application Docket No. DRE-100R illuminated, said panel is removed by a removable connection means, said ﬁ'ont component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough; a plurality of suction cups extending from said front component of said housing for the attachment to a suitable surface; a light source for illuminating said panel, said back component of said housing being dimensioned and conﬁgured to receive said light source; and a power source, said power source includes a solar power assembly or a battery source or a combination thereof, wherein said solar power assembly is pivotably attached to said housing, wherein said solar power assembly can be pivoted into alternative positions subjecting cells of said solar power assembly to the best angle of light; said power source connected to said light source to provide electricity for illumination. 14. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said sealing means is constructed and selected from the group consisting of rubber, rubber-like, foam, and plastic. 15. The removable illumination device in claim 13, further comprising a circuit switch adapted to turn said light source on and off. 16. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said indicia on said panel includes a high gloss view during the daylight hours and said indicia is selected from the group consisting of a message, logo, advertisement, symbols, digits, and characters. 17. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said front component and said back component further includes a removable connection means selected from of the group consisting of a snap—like attachment, magnetic attachment, Clasps, clamps, and interlocking male/female threaded ends. 18, The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said front component of said housing is transparent to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated. l7 *** PAGE 4 *** . .iaia Patent Application Docket No. DRE-100R 19. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said light source is selected from the group consisting of a light bulb assembly or an incandescent light assembly. 20. The removable illumination device in claim 13, wherein said power source is alternatively selected from the group consisting of a connection to a cigarette lighter, a battery, and small solar panel assembly or any combination thereof. 21. A removable illumination device a housing having a top section, bottom section, front component, a panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be illuminated, said front component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough; at least one connector extending from said front component of said housing for the attachment to a suitable surface; a light source for illuminating indicia on said panel; and a power source, said power source is a solar panel assembly and said power source is connected to said light source to provide electricity for illumination. 22. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said power source is powered by a combination of a solar power assembly and at least one rechargeable battery. 23. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said solar power assembly further comprises a lens with a slight angle to allow for light to project upwards or inwards to illuminate its potential target. 24. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said front component further comprises an outer frame. 25. The illumination device in claim 24, wherein said outer frame is a solar panel assembly. 18 PE *** PAGE 5 *** . iﬂisaar‘r 4211933 Patent Application Docket No. DRE-100R 26. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said solar panel assembly includes at least one rechargeable battery within said assembly. 27. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said housing is a unitary structure. 28. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein each said connector is selected from the group consisting of suction cups, screws, mounting brackets, and tape, or any combination thereof. ‘ 29. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said housing further comprises a locking mechanism to prevent the device from theﬁ. 30. The illumination device in claim 21, wherein said solar panel assembly is connected to the top section of said housing. 31. The illumination device in claim 1 and 28, wherein said bottom section further comprises at least One said mounting bracket. 32. The illumination device in claim 31, wherein said device is attachable to an antenna. 33. The illumination device in claim 30, said solar panel at said top section is dimensioned and conﬁgured into any shape, size or angle. 34. A removable illumination device comprising of a solar panel structure assembly including at least one solar panel, at least one rechargeable battery within said solar panel structure, and at least one light source. 35. The illumination device in claim 34, wherein said ﬁirther comprises a lens with a slight angle to allow for light to project upwards or inwards to illuminate its potential target. 19 *** PAGE 6 *** @014)th 1Q.“ J 5523‘? .,121133 0, Patent Application Docket No. DRE-100R 36.. The illumination device in claim 34, wherein said device further comprises at least one attachment means selected from the group consisting of suction cups, screws, mounting brackets, and tape, or any combination thereof. 37. The illumination device in claim 34, wherein said device is connected to a housing having atop section, bottom section, from component, a panel, and a back component, said front component is connected to said back component, said front component having an outer edge, said panel includes indicia which is to be illuminated, said front component of said housing including a transparent portion to permit said indicia on said panel to be illuminated therethrough. 20
+++./ocr/result/11489228-2006-07-19-00008-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11489228	*** PAGE 1 *** WHAT IS CLAIMED IS: 1. A method of forming a gate of a ﬂash memory device, the method comprising the steps of: sequentially forming a tunnel oxide ﬁlm, a ﬁrst polysilicon layer for a ﬂoating gate, a dielectric layer, a second polysilicon layer for a control gate, a conductive metal silicide ﬁlm, and a hard mask ﬁlm on a semiconductor substrate; etching the hard mask ﬁlm, the metal silicide ﬁlm, the second polysilicon layer, and a part of the dielectric layer to expose the ﬁrst polysilicon layer; and etching the exposed ﬁrst polysilicon layer and the tunnel oxide ﬁlm to form a gate, wherein during the etch process of the ﬁrst polysilicon layer, sidewalls of the ﬁrst polysilicon layer forming the gate are etched to a predetermined width, thereby increasing a gate width ratio between the ﬁrst polysilicon layer and the second polysilicon layer. 2. The method of claim 1, comprising performing the etch process of the ﬁrst polysilicon layer using ion of CF4 gas transformed to a plasma state and a low bias power of 80 W to 100 W. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein said metal silicide ﬁlm is a tungsten silicide ﬁlm. 4. A method of forming a gate of a ﬂash memory device, in which a gate etch process is performed in a DPS, DPS+ or DPS lI chamber, the method comprising the steps of: sequentially forming a tunnel oxide ﬁlm, a ﬁrst polysilicon layer for a ﬂoating gate, a dielectric layer, a second polysilicon layer for a control gate, a conductive metal silicide ﬁlm, and a hard mask ﬁlm on a semiconductor substrate; etching the hard mask ﬁlm and a part of the metal silicide ﬁlm, comprising carrying out a main etch process of the metal silicide ﬁlm and an over-etch process of the metal silicide ﬁlm; performing an etch process of the second polysilicon layer; and *** PAGE 2 *** etching the dielectric layer, the ﬁrst polysilicon layer, and the tunnel oxide ﬁlm, comprising carrying out a main etch process of the ﬁrst polysilicon layer and an over-etch process of the ﬁrst polysilicon layer. 5. The method of claim 4, comprising performing the main etch process of the metal silicide ﬁlm using a pressure of4 mT to 15 mT, a top power of 300 W to 1000 W, a bias power of 30 W to 150 W, NF; of 10 SCCM to 30 SCCM, C1; of 10 SCCM to 100 SCCM, 02 of 1 SCCM to 10 SCCM, N2 of 10 SCCM to 50 SCCM, and He of 50 SCCM to 200 SCCM. 6. The method of claim 3, comprising performing the main etch process of the metal silicide ﬁlm by controlling an etch target utilizing an EPD system mounted in a DPS, DPS+ or DPS lI chamber apparatus until the second polysilicon layer of a wide pattern of a peripheral circuit region is exposed. 7. The method of claim 3, comprising performing the over—etch process of the metal silicide ﬁlm using a pressure of 10 mT to 30 mT, a top power of 300 W to 1000 W, a bias power onO W to 50 W, C12 of 50 SCCM to 150 SCCM, HE of 50 SCCM to 200 SCCM, and N2 ofl SCCM to 10 SCCM. 8. The method of claim 3, comprising performing the over-etch process of the metal silicide ﬁlm by controlling an etch target to correspond 40 % to 80 % of an EPD time used in the main etch process. 9, The method of claim 3, comprising performing the etch process of the second polysilicon layer using a pressure of 10 mT to 80 mT, atop power of 300 W to 1000 W, a bias power of 50 W to 200 W, HBr of 50 SCCM to 200 SCCM, 02 of0 SCCM to 10 SCCM, and He of0 SCCM to 200 SCCM. 10. The method of claim 3, comprising setting an etch target of the etch process of the second polysilicon layer to a point at which the second polysilicon layer existing on the dielectric layer in the entire wafer region is stripped. *** PAGE 3 *** 10 11. The method of claim 4, comprising performing the main etch process of the ﬁrst polysilicon layer using a pressure of 2 mT to 10 mT, a top power of 400 W to 600 W, a bias power of 80 W to 100 W, and CF4 gas. 12. The method of claim 4, comprising performing the main etch process of the first polysilicon layer by controlling an etch target utilizing an EPD system mounted in a DPS equipment until the tunnel oxide ﬁlm of a wide pattern of a peripheral circuit region is exposed, wherein an EPD time of 5 % to 30 % is additionally performed. 13. The method of claim 4, comprising performing the over-etch process of the ﬁrst polysilicon layer using a pressure of 10 mT to 80 mT, top pOWBr of 300 W to 1000 W, bias power of 50 W to 200 W, HBr of 50 SCCM to 200 SCCM, 0; of 0 SCCM to 5 SCCM, and He ofO SCCM to 200 SCCM. 14. The method of claim 4, wherein said metal silicide ﬁlm is a tungsten silicide ﬁlm.
+++./ocr/result/10965605-2004-10-14-00006-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10965605	*** PAGE 1 *** Attorney Docket No: 01 1422-9005 CLAIMS 1. A system for processing medical information and creating structured reports, the system comprising: a business logic server; a structured object repository conﬁgured to hold a plurality of structured report templates, the structured report templates based on a common schema; and at least one inbound message device conﬁgured to receive data from at least one source of patient data in a message-oriented protocol, to convert the data from the at least one source of patient data to a format recognized by the business logic server, and to send the converted data to the business logic server, the business logic server conﬁgured to obtain at least one structured report template from the plurality of structured report templates and to create a structured report by inserting the converted data into the at least one structured report template. 2. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the business logic server is further conﬁgured to store the structured report in the structured object repository. 3. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the business logic server is further conﬁgured to generate a completion message after creating the structured report. 4. A system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a report server conﬁgured to request structured reports from the business logic server and display the reports to an end user. 5. A system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising a service tools server having a report template editor. 6. A system as claimed in claim 1, further comprising an outbound message device. 7. A system as claimed in claim 1, ﬁmher comprising a common data store conﬁgured to hold past procedure results. 35 *** PAGE 2 *** Attorney Docket No: 01 1422—9005 8. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the at least one inbound message device includes a device ﬁle having a poller and a link to a template and is conﬁgured to map data into a template using a complex type data structure. 9. A system as claimed in claim 8, wherein the complex type data structure includes a coding scheme designator, a code value, a code scheme version, and a code meaning. 10. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the common schema includes a content item. 11. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the content item includes a concept and a value. 12. A system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the business logic server is further conﬁgured to: generate a model of the converted data, the model containing a plurality of data elements each having a value; select a ﬁrst data element from the plurality of data elements; determine if the ﬁrst data element is contained within at least one multicontainer indicated in a hierarchically structured report template; copy the at least one multicontainer from the hierarchically structured report template into the hierarchically structured report; ﬁnd a content item element within the at least one multicontainer, where the content item element matches the ﬁrst data element; and import the value of the ﬁrst data element into the content item element. 13. A system as claimed in claim 12, wherein the business logic server is further conﬁgured to mark the ﬁrst data element as handled. 14. A system as claimed in claim 12, wherein the business logic server is further conﬁgured to select a second data element from the plurality of data elements. 36 *** PAGE 3 *** Attorney Docket No: 01 1422—9005 15. A method of creating a structured medical report, the method comprising: establishing a generalized structured report format; establishing a group of domain speciﬁc medical dictionaries; applying at least one of the domain speciﬁc medical dictionaries to the generalized structured report format using a processor; and inputting medical data to the processor. 16. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein establishing a structured report format includes creating a schema. 17. A method as claimed in claim 16, wherein creating a schema includes creating a content item element, a name code element, 3 units code element, and an input element. 18. A method as claimed in claim 16, wherein creating a schema includes creating a second content item element, the second content item element having a mapping element. 19. A method as claimed in claim 16, wherein creating a schema includes creating a complex type data structure for the content item. 20. A method as claimed in claim 19, wherein creating the complex type data structure includes creating a coding scheme designator, a code value, a code scheme version, and a code meaning. 21. A method as claimed in claim 15, wherein inputting medical data to the processor includes formatting medical data in an inbound message device. 22. A method as claimed in claim 21, wherein formatting the medical data in an inbound message device includes mapping the medical data from a ﬁrst format to a second format. 23. A data dictionary for use in a medical information system, the data dictionary comprising: a link to a template; a plurality of concepts associated with the templates; 37 *** PAGE 4 *** Attorney Docket No: 01 1422-9005 at least one source expression; and at least one destination expression linked to at least one of the plurality of concepts, the at least one destination expression conﬁgured to accept data structured according to a complex type data structure. 24. A data dictionary as claimed in claim 23, wherein the destination expression has a plurality of arguments including a code scheme designator, a code value, a code scheme version, and a code meaning. 25. A data dictionary as claimed in claim 23, wherein the data dictionary designates a destination format. 26. An inbound message device comprising: a message processing script; a poller conﬁgured to determine when a medical information mapping device receives a message, and to call the message processing script; a mapping ﬁle; and a parser the processing script conﬁgured to build a sequence from data in the message, and to call the parser. 27. An inbound message device as claimed in claim 26, wherein the parser is conﬁgured to obtain a template name, read the contents of the sequence, parse the contents of the sequence according to the mapping ﬁle, and append tags to the contents of the sequence. 28. An inbound message device as claimed in claim 26, ﬂrrther comprising a list of message types that are recognized by the inbound message device. 29. An inbound message device as claimed in claim 28, wherein the poller is conﬁgured to take speciﬁc action according to the message type of a received message. 38 *** PAGE 5 *** Attorney Docket No: 011422-9005 30. An inbound message device as claimed in claim 26, wherein the message processing script is conﬁgured to generate a sequence of data items from a received message. 31. An inbound message device as claimed in claim 26, wherein the message processing script is conﬁgured to call a parser. 32. An inbound message devices as claimed in claim 26, wherein the parser is conﬁgured to access a data dictionary. 33. A method of converting ﬂat data to a hierarchically structured report, the method comprising: generating a model of the ﬂat data, the model containing a plurality of data elements each having a value; selecting a ﬁrst data element from the plurality of data elements; determining if the ﬁrst data element is contained within at least one multicontainer indicated in a hierarchically structured report template; copying the at least one multicontainer from the hierarchically structured report template into the hierarchically structured report; ﬁnding a content item element within the at least one multicontainer, where the content item element matches the ﬁrst data element; and importing the value of the ﬁrst data element into the content item element. 34. The method as claimed in claim 33, further comprising marking the ﬁrst data element as handled. 35. The method as claimed in claim 33, further comprising selecting a second data element from the plurality of data elements. 39
+++./ocr/result/10387443-2003-03-14-00007-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10387443	*** PAGE 1 *** 1. 19 WE CLAIM: An integrated circuit for point to point simultaneous bidirectional differential high speed signalling to another integrated circuit connected thereto, the integrated circuit comprising: — a transmitter for transmitting a first signal to another integrated circuit; the transmitter having an output buffer; - a receiver for receiving a second signal from the other integrated circuit, the receiver having a receiver buffer and co-located on the same integrated circuit; and — a differential buffer coupled between the input of the transmitter buffer and the output of the receiver buffer; wherein the first signal at the output of the transmitter buffer is coupled into the input of the receiver buffer; and a third signal at the input of the transmitter buffer is passed through the differential buffer and coupled onto the output of the receiver buffer; wherein the differential buffer adjusts the third signal in phase and amplitude to cancel the first signal at the output of the receiver buffer, whereby the quality of receiving the second signal is enhanced by canceling echoing of the first signal. The integrated circuit according to claim 1, wherein the differential buffer is implemented as a chain of buffer stages. The integrated circuit according to claim 2, wherein the gain and phase of the buffer chain is adjusted for the maximum signal cancellation. The integrated circuit according to claim 2, wherein the phase of the third signal is shifted by opposite to the phase of the first signal. The integrated circuit according to claim 2 wherein the gain of the differential buffer is varied by means of a finite state machine using a training pattern following power up or on request. *** PAGE 2 *** 20 6. The integrated circuit according to claim 1 wherein the third signal is varied in phase. 7. The integrated circuit according to claim 1 wherein the differential buffer has a variable current source for the purpose of setting the amplitude or phase of the third signal. 8. The integrated circuit according to claim 5 wherein the differential buffer has a programmable or variable load which is set by a finite state machine following a training pattern initiated after power up or on request. 9. The integrated circuit according to claim 1 wherein the load in the differential buffer providing the third signal is implemented as N-type FET transistors to minimise the parasitic capacitance. 10.The integrated circuit according to claim 5 wherein the finite state machine employs a peak detector and means of reading a parameter related to the peak detector to set a value through digital to analogue converters which controls the currents sources in the differential stages in the chain of buffers providing the third signal between the transmitter and receiver. 11.The integrated circuit according to claim 10 wherein the peak detector comprises an amplitude cancellation sensor. 12.The integrated circuit according to claim 10 wherein the peak detector comprises a phase cancellation sensor. 13.The integrated circuit according to claim 5 wherein the state machine controls the amplitude and/or phase adjustment on power up or on request, sequentially, first the master and then the slave. 14.The integrated circuit according to claim 1 wherein either the differential buffer or the output buffer of the transmitter is adapted to be switched off with the effect that the first signal is not canceled but is passed to the receiver for testing purposes. *** PAGE 3 *** 21 15.An apparatus for point to point simultaneous bidirectional differential high speed signalling between integrated circuits, comprising an integrated circuit connected to another integrated circuit. each integrated circuit comprising: a transmitter for transmitting a first signal to another integrated circuit; the transmitter having an output buffer; - a receiver fer receiving a second signal from the other integrated circuit, the receiver having a receiver buffer and co-Iocated on the same integrated circuit; - a differential buffer coupled between the input of the transmitter buffer and the output of the receiver buffer; and - a state machine for controlling the differential buffer in gain and phase; wherein the first signal at the output of the transmitter buffer is coupled into the input of the receiver buffer; and a third signal at the input of the transmitter buffer is passed through the differential buffer and coupled onto the output of the receiver buffer; wherein the differential buffer adjusts the third signal in phase and amplitude to cancel the first signal at the output of the receiver buffer, whereby the quality of receiving the second signal is enhanced by canceling echoing of the first signal. 16.The apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the differential buffer has a programmable or variable load which is set by the finite state machine following a training pattern initiated after power up or on request. 17.The apparatus according to claim 15 wherein the finite state machine employs a peak detector and means of reading a parameter related to the peak detector to set a value through digital to analogue converters which controls the currents sources in the differential stages in the chain of buffers providing the third signal between the transmitter and the receiver. *** PAGE 4 *** 22 18.The apparatus according to claim 17 wherein the peak detector comprises an amplitude cancellation sensor. 19.The apparatus according to claim 18 wherein the amplitude cancellation sensor comprises an integrator plus a sample and hold device, 20.The apparatus according to claim 19 wherein the integrator includes a reset phase, an integration phase and a transfer phase. 21 .The apparatus according to claim 17 wherein the peak detector comprises a phase cancellation sensor. 22.The apparatus according to claim 21 wherein the timing of the phases for the phase cancellation sensor is controlled by the finite state machine. 23.The apparatus according to claim 21 wherein the phase cancellation sensor comprises a full wave rectifier plus integrator plus a sample and hold. 24.The apparatus according to claim 23 wherein the integrator includes a reset phase, an integration phase and a transfer phase. 25.The apparatus according to claim 17 wherein the peak detector comprises both an amplitude and a phase cancellation sensors. 26.The apparatus according to claim 25 where the selection of the amplitude or phase cancellation sensor is controlled by the finite state machine. 27.The apparatus according to claim 25 wherein the timing of the phases for the phase cancellation sensor is controlled by the finite state machine. 28.The apparatus according to claim 15 wherein patterns are injected into the transmitter for the purpose of measuring the offset in the amplitude cancellation sensor. 29.The apparatus according to claim 15 wherein multiple patterns are selectable by the finite state machine for the purposes of offset calibration, amplitude cancellation and phase cancellation. *** PAGE 5 *** 23 30. A method for echo cancellation in simultaneous bidirectional differential high speed signalling, where the signalling is from one integrated circuit connected to another integrated circuit, each circuit comprising a transmitter having an output buffer and a receiver having a receiver buffer; the method comprising: 31. transmitting a first signal from the output buffer of the transmitter arranged on one integrated circuit, to another circuit, the first signal being coupled also into the input buffer of the receiver co-Iocated with the transmitter on the same integrated circuit; receiving a second signal from the other integrated circuit; transmitting a third signal from the input of the transmitter buffer through a differential buffer where the third signal is adjusted in phase and amplitude; and coupling the adjusted signal onto the output of the receiving buffer to cancel the first signal, whereby the quality of receiving the third signal is enhanced by canceling echoing of the first signal. A method according to claim 30, wherein the phase of the third signal applied to the output of the receiving buffer is opposite to the phase of the first signal. 32. A method according to claim 30 wherein the gain of the differential buffer is varied by means of a finite state machine using a training pattern. 33. A method according to claim 30 wherein the phase and/or amplitude of the third signal is adjusted by applying a training pattern and minimising peak to peak noise by varying the codes in DACs, measuring noise using a peak detector and ADC to determine which code corresponds to the minimum noise using state machine and applying the determined code to the DACs at the end of adjustment process. 34.A method according to claim 30 wherein one of the circuits is a master die and another is a slave die, while the determining is repeated twice, first to configure the master die, and second to configure the slave die.
+++./ocr/result/10063226-2002-04-01-00007-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10063226	*** PAGE 1 *** Claims [ci] LA multiple channel array coil for magnetic resonance imaging, comprising: a cylindrically tapered head portion, said head portion including a plurality of individual coil elements; and a chest portion, said Chest portion further comprising a generally planar anterior section and a generally planar posterior section, both said anterior section and said posterior section including a plurality ofindividual coil elements. [c2] 2.The array coil of claim 1 , wherein: each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said head portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non~ overlapping configuration; and each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said chest portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non— overlapping configuration. [c3] 3.The array coil of claim 2, wherein each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said head portion and said chest portion are isolated from nearest neighbor coil elements by transformer decoupling. [c4] 4.The array coil of claim 3, wherein each of said plurality of individual coil elements is isolated from next—nearest neighbor coil elements by preampliﬁer decoupling. [c5] 5.The array coil of claim 1 , further comprising 8 individual coil elements within said head portion and 8 individual coil elements within said chest portion. [€61 6.A multiple channel array coil for magnetic resonance imaging, comprising: a cylindrically tapered head portion, said head portion including a plurality of individual coil elements; a chest portion, said chest portion further comprising a generally planar anterior section and a generally planar posterior section, both said anterior section and said posterior section including a plurality of individual coil elements; and APP_1D=1 0063 226 Page 12 *** PAGE 2 *** a hinge assembly, said hinge assembly enabling said anterior section of said chest portion to be rotated about a left—right axis and translated in a vertical axis of the array coil. 7.The array coil of claim 6, wherein: each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said head portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non— overlapping configuration; and each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said chest portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non— overiapping configuration. 8.The array coil of claim 7, wherein each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said head portion and said chest portion are isolated from nearest neighbor coil elements by transformer decoupling. 9.The array coil of claim 8, wherein each of said plurality of individual coil elements is isolated from next—nearest neighbor coil elements by preamplifier decoupling. lO.The array coil of claim 6, further comprising 8 individual coil elements within said head portion and 8 individual coil elements within said chest portion. ll.A magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) system, comprising: a computer; a magnet assembly for generating a polarizing magnetic ﬁeld; a gradient coil assembly for applying gradient waveforms to said polarizing magnetic field along selected gradient axes; and a radio frequency (RF) transceiver system for applying RF energy to excite nuclear spins of an object to be imaged, and for thereafter detecting signals generated by excited nuclei of said object to be imaged, said RF transceiver system further comprising: a multiple channel array coil having a cylindrically tapered head portion and a chest portion; said head portion including a plurality of individual coil elements; and 063226 Page 13 1 *** PAGE 3 *** said chest portion further comprising a generally planar anterior section and a generally planar posterior section, both said anterior section and said posterior section including a plurality of individual coil elements; wherein signals detected by said multiple channel array coil are processed by said computer to produce MR images of said object to be imaged. i2.The MRI system of claim 1 i, wherein said multiple channel array coil is conﬁgured for sensitivity encoding (SENSE) imaging techniques. 13.The MRI system of claim 1 1, wherein: each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said head portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non- overlapping configuration; and each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said chest portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non- overlapping configuration. i4.The MRI system of claim 13, wherein each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said head portion and said chest portion are isolated from nearest neighbor coil elements by transformer decoupling. 15.The MRI system of claim 14, wherein each of said plurality of individual coil elements within said head portion and said chest portion is isolated from next— nearest neighbor coil elements by preampliﬁer decoupling. 16.The MRI system of claim ii, further comprising 8 individual coil elements within said head portion and 8 individual coil elements within said chest portion. l7.A method for configuring a multiple channel array coil suitable for use in sensitivity encoding for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), the method comprising: arranging a ﬁrst set of individual coil elements into a cylindrically tapered head portion; and arranging a second and a third set of individual coil elements into a chest portion, said chest portion further comprising a generally planar anterior I063 226 Page 14 ( *** PAGE 4 *** section including said second set of individual coil elements and a generally planar posterior section including said third set ofindividual coil elements. 18.The method of claim 17, wherein: each of first set of individual coil elements within said head portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non— overlapping configuration; and each of said second and third sets ofindividual coil elements within said chest portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non—overlapping conﬁguration. 19.The method of claim 13, further comprising isolating each individual coil element in said ﬁrst, second and third sets from nearest neighbor coil elements by transformer decoupling. 20.The method of claim 19, further comprising isolating each individual coil element in said ﬁrst, second and third sets from next-nearest neighbor coil elements by preampliﬁer decoupling. 21 .The method of claim 17, further comprising arranging 8 individual coil elements within said head portion, and 4 individual coils within both said anterior and posterior sections of said chest portion. 22. A method for implementing sensitivity encoding for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), the method comprising: generating a polarizing magnetic ﬁeld; applying gradient waveforms to said polarizing magnetic ﬁeld along selected gradient axes; and applying RF energy generated by an RF transceiver system to excite nuclear spins of an object to be imaged, and thereafter detecting signals generated by excited nuclei of said object to be imaged, wherein said RF transceiver system further includes: a ﬁrst set of individual coil elements arranged into a cylindrically tapered head portion: and a second and a third set of individual coil elements arranged into achest )063226 Page 15 *** PAGE 5 *** portion, said chest portion further comprising a generally planar anterior section including said second set of individual coil elements and a generally planar posterior section including said third set of individual coil elements. 23.The method of claim 22, wherein: each of first set of individual coil elements within said head portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non— overlapping configuration; and each of said second and third sets of individual coil elements within said chest portion are geometrically spaced apart from an adjacent coil element thereto in a non-overlapping configuration. 24.Tl1e method of claim 23, further comprising isolating each individual coil element in said ﬁrst, second and third sets from nearest neighbor coil elements by transformer decoupling. 25.The method of claim 23, further comprising isolating each individual coil element in said ﬁrst, second and third sets from next~nearest neighbor coil elements by preamplifier decoupling. The method of claim 22, wherein said RF transceiver system further includes a lG—channel, neurovascular array coil. )063226 Page 16 of 25
+++./ocr/result/10594947-2006-09-29-00026-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10594947	*** PAGE 1 *** What is claimed is: 1. A steering support member structure comprising a steering support member body constituted by a light alloy and conﬁgured to be arranged substantially in a vehicle width direction inside a front portion of a vehicle interior, said alloy-consiituted steering support member body being divided into a ﬁrst member having a driver seat side portion and a central portion and a second member having a front passenger seat side portion. 2. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 1, wherein a dividing portion of the light alloy-constituted steering support member body is provided with a connecting portion comprising a box-shaped insertion portion and a receiving portion into which the insertion portion is to be engaged substantially in the vehicle width direction. 3. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 2, wherein the receiving portion comprises a stopper face at a deep portion thereof, said stopper face being conﬁgured to restrict an engaged amount of the insertion portion, said insertion portion comprises a stepped portion lockable at an inlet portion of the receiving portion in a ﬁtting direction, and said stepper face and said stepped portion enable insertion ﬁtting. 4. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 1, which further comprises an airbag module ﬁtting portion provided at said steering support member body and wherein said steering support member body has a U'letter shaped section as viewed from a side and said airbag module ﬁtting portion partially has an inverse U'letter shaped section. 5. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 4, wherein the airbag module ﬁtting portion having the inverse U'letter shaped section comprises a portion opened toward a rear side of the vehicle. 31 *** PAGE 2 *** 6. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 1, which further comprises vehicle body ﬁtting brackets made of a light alloy and provided at opposite ends of said steering support member body, respectively and wherein said steering support member body has a U'letter shaped section as viewed from a side and opened toward a front side of the vehicle and each of said ﬁtting brackets made of the light alloy has a U'letter shaped section to form a box-like section between the vehicle body. 7. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 1, which further comprises a rear duct retaining portion at said steering support member body, said rear duct retaining portion being conﬁgured to retain a rear duct. 8. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 7, which further comprises a stay conﬁgured to support a central portion of said steering support member body and wherein said rear duct retaining portion is formed at a corner portion between the steering support member body and the stay. 9. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 1, which further comprises a ﬁtting bracket temporarily retaining portion at said steering support member body, said ﬁtting bracket temporarily retaining portion being conﬁgured to temporarily retain a vehicle-mount part ﬁtting bracket. 10. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 9, wherein said ﬁtting bracket temporarily retaining portion is a ﬁxing hole integrally formed in the steering support member of the light alloy and having an almost ’I‘letter shape as viewed in plane. 11. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 10, wherein said ﬁxing hole having the almost ’I‘letter shape as viewed in plane is formed in an upper portion of a ﬁtting bracket ﬁxing face provided at the steering support member, said ﬁxing hole being conﬁgured to temporarily retain the vehicle-mount part ﬁtting bracket in a suspended 32 *** PAGE 3 *** state. 12. A steering support member structure comprising a steering support member body constituted by a light alloy and conﬁgured to be arranged substantially in a vehicle width direction inside a ﬁ‘ont portion of a vehicle interior, and an airbag module ﬁtting portion provided at the steering support member body, wherein the light alloy-constituted steering support member body has a U'letter shaped section as viewed sideways, and the airbag module ﬁtting portion partially has an inverse U-letter shaped section. 13. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 12, wherein the airbag module ﬁtting portion having the inverse U-letter shaped section has a portion opened toward a rear side of the vehicle. 14. A steering support member structure comprising a steering support member body to be placed substantially in a vehicle width direction inside a front part of a vehicle interior, ﬁtting brackets provided at opposite ends of the steering support member body and conﬁgured to be ﬁtted to the vehicle body, said steering support member body and said ﬁtting brackets being constituted by a light alloy, wherein the light alloy-constituted steering support member body has a U'letter shape opened to a front side of the vehicle as viewed sideways, and the light alloy-constituted ﬁtting brackets each have a U-letter shaped section capable of forming a box-like section between the vehicle body. 15. A steering support member structure comprising a steering support member constituted by a light alloy and conﬁgured to be arranged in a vehicle width direction in a front portion of a vehicle interior, said light alloy-constituted steering support member comprising a rear duct retaining portion conﬁgured to retain a rear duct. 16. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 15, comprising the steering support member body and a stay supporting a central portion of the steering 33 *** PAGE 4 *** support member body, wherein the rear duct retaining portion is formed at a corner between the steering support member body and the stay. 17. A steering support member structure comprising a steering support member constituted by a light alloy and conﬁgured to be arranged substantiale in a vehicle width direction inside a front portion of a vehicle interior, said light alloy-constituted steering support member comprising a ﬁtting bracket temporarily retaining portion capable of temporarily retaining a vehicle-mount part ﬁtﬁng bracket. 18. The steering support member structure set forth in claim 17, wherein the ﬁtting bracket temporarily retaining portion is a ﬁxing hole having an almost Tletter shape as viewed in plane and integrale formed in the light alloy-constituted steering support member. 19. The steering support member structure set ﬁorth in claim 18, wherein the ﬁxing hole having the 'I‘letter shape as viewed in plane is formed in an upper portion of a ﬁtting bracket ﬁxing plane provided at the steering support member, said ﬁxing hole being conﬁgured to temporarily retain the vehicle-mount part ﬁtting bracket in a suspended state. 34
+++./ocr/result/11507855-2006-08-22-00006-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11507855	*** PAGE 1 *** What is claimed is: l. A children’s dental mirror comprising a mirror and an integral timer. 2. The children’s dental mirror of claim 1 ﬁirther wherein the timer is between about 2 and about 3 minutes. 3. The children’s dental mirror of claim 2 further wherein the timer is between 2 and 3 minutes. 4. The children’s dental mirror of claim 1 further including at least one light that pulsates to the timer. 5. The children’s dental mirror of claim 4 further including a plurality of lights around the circumference of the mirror that pulsate to the timer. 6. The children's dental mirror of claim 1 further including an audio sound byte. 7. The children’s dental mirror of claim 6 further including a plurality of audio sound bytes that can be selected. 8. The children’s dental mirror of claim 1 further wherein the mirror is an image enlarging mirror. 9. The children’s dental mirror of claim 1 further wherein the mirror is made of non-breakable material. 10. The children’s dental mirror of claim 1 further including suction cup fasteners provided on the back. 11. The children’s dental mirror of claim I further including at least one integral toothbrush holder. *** PAGE 2 *** 12. A children’s dental mirror comprising a mirror and at least one light that pulsates to a timer. 13. The children’s dental minor of claim 12 further wherein the timer is between about 2 and about 3 minutes. 14. The children’s dental mirror of claim 13 further wherein the timer is between 2 and 3 minutes. 15. The children’s dental mirror of claim 12 further including a plurality of lights around the circumference of the mirror that pulsate to the timer. 16. The children’s dental mirror of claim 12 ﬁnther including an audio sound byte. 17. The children’s dental mirror of claim 16 further including a plurality of audio sound bytes that can be selected. 18. The children’s dental mirror of claim 12 further wherein the mirror is an image enlarging mirror. 19. The children’s dental mirror of claim 12 further wherein the mirror is made of non-breakable material. 20. The children’s dental mirror of claim 12 further including suction cup fasteners provided on the back. 21. The children’s dental mirror of claim 12 further including at least one integral toothbrush holder. 22. A children’s dental mirror comprising a mirror and an audio sound byte governed by a timer. 23. The children’s dental mirror of claim 22 further wherein the timer is between about 2 and about 3 minutes. *** PAGE 3 *** 24. The children's dental mirror of claim 23 further wherein the timer is between 2 and 3 minutes. 25. The children’s dental mirror of claim 22 further including at least one light that pulsates to the timer. 26. The children’s dental min-or of claim 25 further including a plurality of lights around the circumference of the mirror that pulsate to the timer. 27. The children’s dental mirror of claim 22 further including a plurality of audio sound bytes that can be selected. 28. The children’s dental mirror of claim 22 Ma wherein the minor is an image enlarging mirror. 29. The children’s dental mirror of claim 22 further wherein the mirror is made of non—breakable material. 30. The children’s dental mirror of claim 22 further including suction cup fasteners provided on the back. 31. The children’s dental mirror of claim 22 further including at least one integral toothth holder.
+++./ocr/result/11143716-2005-06-03-00006-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11143716	*** PAGE 1 *** IN THE CLAIMS This listing of claims will replace all prior versions, and listings. of claims in the application: Listing of Claims: 1. (original)A semiconductor device comprising: (a) an SOl substrate having a SOI layer formed on a supporting substrate through a BOX layer; A(b) a ﬁrst region formed in said SOI layer and having a first conductivity type; (c) a second region formed in said SOI layer and having a second conductivity type; (d) a first MISFET formed in said first region of said SOI layer and having a channel with said second conductivity type; and (e) a second MISFET formed in said second region of said SOI layer and having a channel with said first conductivity type. wherein said BOX layer in said ﬁrst region has a fixed charge. 2.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein the ﬁxed charge is nitrogen. 3.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 2, wherein said BOX layer in said first region contains oxynitride silicon. *** PAGE 2 *** 4. (original)The semiconductor device according to claim 1, wherein said fixed charge is indium. 5.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 4, wherein said BOX layer in said first region contains indium oxide silicon. 6. (original) A semiconductor device comprising: (a) a SOl substrate having a 80] layer formed on a supporting substrate through a BOX layer; (b) a first region formed in said SOl layer and having a first conductivity type; (c) a second region formed in said SOI layer and having a second conductivity type; ~ (d) a first MISFET formed in said first region of said SOI layer and having a channel with said second conductivity type; (e) a second MISFET formed in said second region of said SOl layer and having a channel with said first conductivity type; and (f) a fixed charge induced in said BOX layer under said second region, wherein each gate electrode of said first and second MlSFETs is made of such a gate material that a predetermined threshold voltage can be obtained in said first MlSFET. 7. (original) The semiconductor device according to claim 6, wherein a concentration of said ﬁxed charge is equal to or more than 1017 cm'3. *** PAGE 3 *** 8.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 6, wherein if a channel of the first MlSFET is a p type. said gate material is molybdenum or ruthenium. 9.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 8, wherein said ﬁxed charge induced in said BOX layer under said second region is a positive charge. 10.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 9. wherein said positive charge is nitrogen. 11.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 6. wherein if a channel of said ﬁrst MISFET is an n type. said gate material is platinum or lead. 12.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 1 1, wherein said fixed charge formed in said BOX layer under said second region is a negative charge. 13. (original) The semiconductor device according to claim 12, wherein said negative charge is indium. *** PAGE 4 *** 14.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 6, wherein said gate material is polycrystalline silicon having said second conductivity type. 15.(original) A semiconductor device comprising: (a) a SOl substrate having a SOl layer formed on a supporting substrate through a BOX layer; (b) a first region formed in said 80] layer and having a ﬁrst conductivity type; (c) a third region formed in said SOl layer and having said first conductivity type; (d) a first MISFET formed in said first region of said SOI layer and having a channel with a second conductivity type; (6) a third MISFET formed in said third region of said SOI layer and having a channel with said second conductivity type; and (f) a fixed charge induced in said BOX layer under said third region, wherein each gate electrode of said first and third MlSFETs is made of such a gate material that a predetermined threshold voltage can be obtained in said first MISFET. 16.(origina|) The semiconductor device according to claim 15, wherein a concentration of said ﬁxed charge is equal to or more than 1017 cm'3. 17.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 15. wherein if each channel of said ﬁrst and third MlSFETs is a p type, said ﬁxed charge induced in said BOX layer under said third region is a positive charge. 5 *** PAGE 5 *** 18.(origina|) The semiconductor device according to claim 17, wherein said positive charge is nitrogen. 19t(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 15. wherein if each channel of said first and third MlSFETs are an n type, said fixed charge induced in said BOX layer under said third region is a negative charge. 20.(original) The semiconductor device according to claim 19. wherein said negative charge is indium. 21 .(original) A manufacturing method for a semiconductor device in which first and second MISFETs are formed over a SOl substrate having a SOI layer formed over a supporting substrate through a BOX layer, the method comprising the steps of: (a) forming ﬁrst and second active regions surrounded by a device isolation in said SOl layer; (b) ion-implanting a ﬁrst conductivity type impurity into said first active region to form a first well; (c) ion-implanting a second conductivity type impurity into said second active region to form a second well; (d) ion-implanting an impurity into said BOX layer under said second well to form a fixed charge in said BOX layer; (e) forming gate insulators of said ﬁrst and second MlSFETs over a surface of said SOI layer; *** PAGE 6 *** (f) forming gate electrodes of said ﬁrst and second MISFETs over said gate insulators; (g) ion-implanting said second conductivity type impurity into said first well to form source and drain for said first MISFET; and (h) ion-implanting said first conductivity type impurity into said second well to form source and drain for said second MlSFET. Claims 22-39 (canceled)
+++./ocr/result/12036253-2008-02-24-00005-CLM.pdf.txt+++
12036253	*** PAGE 1 *** DOCKET NO: PlLlR—OOZU CLAIMS What is claimed is: l. A structure; composite insulated panel comprising: a plurality of truss members arrayed in substantially parallel relation at a substantiaiiy equal interval so as to define a plurality of cells therebetween. an insulating member disposed in each of the plurality of cells, the panel having two opposing elongated side panel surfaces defined by side surfaces of the plmality of cells, and two opposing end panel surfaces defined by the respective encl surfaces of two outermost cells of the panel, the two side panel surfaces being substantially perpendicular to the two end panel surfaces and the plurality of truss members; a single pair of prismatic members, each being paraller engaged to the respective side panel surfaces; a pair of locking members. each being at the respective end panel surfaces and engaged thereat to the pair of prismatic members so as to provide compressive locking tension to the insulating members and the plurality of trusses in the panel. 2. The panel as in Claim 1, wherein the pair of prismatic members is a pair of rods. 3. The panel as in Claim 2 wherein both ofthe locking members are integraily formed with the prismatic member so as to form a closed double U— shaped belt. 21 *** PAGE 2 *** DOCKET NO.: PlUR—OOZU 4" The panel as in Claim 1 wherein the locking members are sheet metal clips. 5. The panel as in Claim 1 wherein the locking members are clipping ties, the clipping ties having a plurality of protrusions thereon for engaging the channels and retaining the clipping ties therein. 6. The panel as in Claim 1 wherein at least one of the truss members is a ladder truss member having a pair of spaced—apart elongated parallel first ladder truss bars and a plurality of spaced apart elongated second ladder truss bars extending therebetween in perpendicular relationship to the first ladder truss bars to form a ladder configuration 7. The panel as in Claim 1 wherein at least one of the truss members is a warren truss member having a pair of spaced~apart elongated parallel ﬁrst warren truss bars and a second warren truss bar extending at an angle therebetween in a zigzag configuration. 22
+++./ocr/result/11664311-2007-03-29-00012-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11664311	*** PAGE 1 *** Attorney Docket No. KANOOIO/U S Page 4 IN THE CLAIMS Please amend the claims as follows: 1. (original) An adhesive sheet comprising an insulating layer and an adhesive layer on one or each side of the insulating layer, wherein the insulating layer has a storage elasticity modulus ratio E’2/E’1 of 0.2 or less where E’l is a storage elasticity modulus at 25°C and E’2 is a storage elasticity modulus at 380°C, the insulating layer has a coefﬁcient of thermal expansion in the MD direction in a range of 5 to 15 ppm ﬁom 100°C to 200°C, and a change in the coefﬁcient of thermal expansion of the adhesive sheet from 100°C to 250°C is 2.5ppm or less in a tension direction in which the tension is applied, and a change in the coefﬁcient of thermal expansion of the adhesive sheet from 100°C to 250°C is IOppm or less in a direction perpendicular to the tension direction, where the change in the coefﬁcient of thermal expansion is calculated by Equation (1): Change in Coefﬁcient of Thermal Expansion = |(First Measured Value of Coefﬁcient of Thermal Expansion) - (Second Measured Value of Coefﬁcient of Thermal Expansion)| (1) where the measurements are carried out with the adhesive sheet that has been heat—treated at a temperature of 380°C for 30 sec under tension of 20kg/m. 2. (Currently amended) The laminate adhesive sheet as set forth in claim 1 wherein a peak top temperature of tan 5 in measuring dynamic Viscoelasticity of the insulating layer is in a range of 300 to 4000C, and tan 8 > 0.1. 3. (Currently amended) The adhesive sheet as set forth in claim 1 91—2, wherein the insulating layer is a polyimide layer. *** PAGE 2 *** Attorney Docket No. KAN001 0/U S Page 5 4. (original) The adhesive sheet as set forth in claim 3, wherein raw materials of the polyimide layer include 2,2-bisaminophenoxyphenylpropane by 10 to 50mol%, p- phenylenediamine by 30 to 60mol%, and an oxydianiline by 10 to 30mol% with respect to a diamine component. 5. (original) The adhesive sheet as set forth in claim 4, wherein the oxydianiline is 3,4’-oxydianiline. 6. (Currently amended) The adhesive sheet as set forth in MM wherein the raw materials of the polyimide layer includes pyromellitic dianhydride by 60 to 95mol%, and 3,3’,4,4’—benzophenonetetracarboxylic dianhydride and/or 3,3 ’,4,4’- biphenyltetracarboxylic dianhydride by 5 to 40mol% with respect to an acid dianhydride component. 7. (Currently amended) The adhesive sheet as set forth in claim lelaims—l—te-é, wherein the adhesive layer contains a polyimide-based adhesive. 8. (Currently amended) The adhesive sheet as set forth in claim lelaims-l—te—i, wherein the adhesive layer contains a straight-chained thermoplastic polyimide and/or a 3—dimensioally crosslinking polyimide. 9. (Currently amended) The adhesive sheet as set forth in claim lelaims—l—te-S, wherein the adhesive sheet is used after being laminated with a metal layer on one or each adhesive layer by applying heat and pressure. 10. (Currently amended) A two-layer copper-clad laminate prepared by laminating a metal conductive foil on one or each side of adhesive sheet as set forth in claim lelaims—l—te-9 by applying heat and pressure.
+++./ocr/result/10647595-2003-08-25-00007-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10647595	*** PAGE 1 *** 1C 2( ) CLAIMS What is claimed is: 1. A method for determining applicable conﬁguration information for use in analysis of a computer aided design, comprising: generating a state machine using information contained in a plurality of conﬁguration commands; applying a design element name, associated with a design element, to the state machine; and generating with the state machine a list including conﬁguration information applicable to the design element, 2. The method of claim 1, wherein the state machine is compiled by determining, from a set of regular expressions associated with the conﬁguration commands, a set of states and transitions between the states that are matched against characters of the design element name to determine zero or more regular expressions that match the design element name, wherein any of the regular expressions have associated therewith one or more corresponding configuration commands applicable to the design element name. 3. The method of claim 1, wherein the design element name is associated with a net in the design. 4. The method of claim 3, wherein the state machine generates the list by evaluating regular expressions, associated with each net of interest in the design, to determine an accepting state for each of the regular expressions, wherein each accepting state has associated therewith one or more corresponding ones of the conﬁguration commands applicable to net names in the design. 5. The method of claim 4, wherein each of the conﬁguration commands includes a command type ﬁeld indicating the characteristic to which the command is applicable, and a value ﬁeld indicating the value to which the design element corresponding to the design element name is to be set. 1001112274 11 *** PAGE 2 *** 6. The method of claim 5, wherein each of the conﬁguration commands further includes a net name ﬁeld comprising a regular expression indicating at least one speciﬁc net in the design to which a corresponding one of the configuration commands is applicable, 7. The method of claim 1, including the step of applying the conﬁguration commands to at least one net in the design, wherein the design element name is associated with the net. 8. The method of claim 1, wherein the design element name is a net name contained in a netlist associated with the design. 9‘ A system for determining applicable conﬁguration information for use in analysis of a computer aided design, comprising: a ﬁle containing a plurality of conﬁguration commands for setting values associated with nets in the design; a netlist containing a plurality of net names, each of which is associated with one of the nets; a processor; and a state machine, executed by the processor, that is compiled using information contained in a plurality of configuration commands, wherein, in response to input comprising one of the net names, the state machine generates a list including configuration information applicable to one of the nets corresponding to the input. 10. The system of claim 9, wherein the state machine is compiled by determining, from a set of regular expressions associated with the configuration commands, a set of states and transitions between the states that are matched against characters of a net name to determine zero or more regular expressions that match the net name, wherein any of the regular expressions thus determined have associated therewith one or more corresponding ones of the conﬁguration commands applicable to the net name. 1001112274 12 *** PAGE 3 *** 11. The system of claim 10, wherein each of the conﬁguration commands includes a command type ﬁeld indicating a characteristic to which the command is applicable, and a value ﬁeld indicating the value to which the net corresponding to the net name is to be set. 12. The system of claim 11, wherein each of the conﬁguration commands further includes a net name field indicating a speciﬁc net to which a corresponding one of the conﬁguration commands is applicable. 13. A method for determining applicable conﬁguration information for use in analysis of a computer aided design, comprising: generating a state machine using information contained in a plurality of conﬁguration commands, wherein, in response to input comprising a net name associated with a net in the design, the state machine generates a list including configuration information applicable to the net; wherein the state machine is compiled by determining, from a set of regular expressions associated with the configuration commands, a set of states and transitions between the states that are matched against characters of the net name to determine zero or more regular expressions that match the net name, wherein any of the regular expressions thus determined have associated therewith one or more corresponding conﬁguration commands applicable to the net name; wherein each of the conﬁguration commands includes a command type ﬁeld indicating the type of entity to which the command is applicable, and a value ﬁeld indicating the value to which the net corresponding to the net name is to be set; applying a net name, associated with the design, to the state machine to generate the list; and applying the conﬁguration commands in the list to at least one of the nets in the design. 100111227-1 13 *** PAGE 4 *** 14. The method of claim 13, wherein each of the conﬁguration commands further includes a net name ﬁeld indicating a speciﬁc net in the design to which a corresponding one of the conﬁguration commands is applicable. 15. A system for determining applicable conﬁguration information for use i in analysis of a computer aided design, comprising: means for generating a state machine using information contained in a plurality of conﬁguration commands, wherein, in response to input comprising a design element name associated with a net in the design, the state machine generates a list including the conﬁguration I 1 information applicable to the net; and means for applying the design element name to the state machine to generate the list. 16. The system of claim 15, wherein each of the conﬁguration commands includes a command type ﬁeld indicating the type of entity to which the command is E i applicable and a value ﬁeld indicating the value to which the design element corresponding to the design element name is to be set, and wherein the state machine is compiled by determining, from a set of regular expressions associated with the conﬁguration commands, a set of states and transitions between the states that are matched against characters of the design element name to determine zero or more ) regular expressions that match the net name, wherein any of the regular expressions thus determined have associated therewith one or more corresponding conﬁguration commands applicable to the design element name. 17. The system of claim 16, wherein each of the conﬁguration commands further includes a net name ﬁeld indicating a speciﬁc net to which a corresponding i one of the conﬁguration commands is applicable. 18. A software product comprising instructions, stored on computer- readable media, wherein the instructions, when executed by a computer, perform steps for determining applicable conﬁguration information for use in analysis of a computer aided design, comprising: 1001112274 14 *** PAGE 5 *** instructions for generating a state machine using information contained in a plurality of conﬁguration commands, wherein, in response to input comprising a net name associated with a net in the design, the state machine generates a list including the conﬁguration information applicable to the net; instructions for applying a net name, associated with the design, to the state machine to generate the list; and instructions for applying the conﬁguration commands in the list to at least one net in the design. 19, The software product of claim 18, wherein the instructions for generating the state machine cause the state machine to be compiled by determining, from a set of regular expressions associated with the configuration commands, a set of states and transitions between the states that are matched against characters of the net name to determine zero or more regular expressions that match the net name, wherein any regular expressions thus determined have associated therewith one or more corresponding conﬁguration commands applicable to the net name. 20. The software product of claim 18, wherein the instructions for generating the state machine cause the conﬁguration commands to be applied to at least one net in the design. 100111227-1 15
+++./ocr/result/10327223-2002-12-20-00007-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10327223	*** PAGE 1 *** CLAIMS What is claimed is: A device for improving packetized data routing, comprising the following: a network data processing means for decoding incoming data packets and extracting desired data ﬁelds based upon data packet header characteristics, a programmable header processor logic block means controlled by said network processing means, a data register means for storing data packet header characteristics for decoding by said programmable header processor logic block, and at least one ﬁeld offset stored for said datapacket header characteristics from the start of said data packet. 2. The device of claim 1 wherein said data register means comprises an updateable register means to store additional data packet header characteristics. 3. The device ofclaim 2 wherein said data packet header characteristics comprise data packet header characteristics for at least one data packet header protocol selected from the group of Resilient Packet Ring, 8023 Ethernet, POS»PPP, Ipv4/MPLS, GFP encapsulation and Ethernet in PPP. 4. The device of claim 3 wherein said network data processing means further comprises an error handling mechanism to detect and report data packets with erroneous data packet headers. 5‘ The device of claim 4 wherein said network data processing means further comprises a means for data processing which is capable of sending and receiving data packets over a single physical link at network layer 2 and above. *** PAGE 2 *** 7. A method for improving network data packet handling comprising the steps of: storing data protocol speciﬁc data packet header ﬁeld information in a data register, decoding the header data of an incoming data packet, determining the data protocol type of said data packet, extracting desired ﬁelds of said data packet header based upon said data protocol speciﬁc data packet ﬁeld header information, and routing said data packet to its intended destination. The method of claim 6, wherein after said determining the data protocol type step but before the extracting step also comprises the step of retrieving packet header format characteristics From said data register. 8. The method of claim 7 wherein said data packet comprises a data packet encoded with one of the following data protocols selected from the group of Resilient Packet Ring, 802.3 Ethernet, POS—PPP, lpv4/MPLS, GFP encapsulation and Ethernet in PPP. 9. 10. The method of claim 6 wherein said data register is updatcable. A device for improved data header extraction, compt‘iSlng the following: a dedicated conﬁguration component means for conﬁguring only packet header characteristics for at least one data protocol, said packet header characteristics including at least header ﬁeld length, header ﬁeld location and header ﬁeld type, a programmable header processor logic block means controlled by said conﬁguration component means. a data register means for storing header information for use in header ﬁeld extraction by said programmable header processor logic block, and at least one ﬁeld offset stored for said protocol speciﬁc header information, counting said ﬁeld offset from the start of said data packet.
+++./ocr/result/11382714-2006-05-11-00008-CLM.pdf.txt+++
11382714	*** PAGE 1 *** What is claimed is: [Claim 1] l. Achemical vapor deposition equipment comprising: a reactor having an exhaust end; an adjustable pipe comprising: a compressible body having a bellows; a bushing positioned inside the bellows, an end of the bushing connected to the exhaust end of the reactor; and a ring positioned at an end of the compressible body for connecting to an exhausted pipe; and an exhausted pipe connected to the ring of the adjustable pipe. [Claim 2] 2. The chemical vapor deposition equipment of claim 1, wherein the bellows is a welded bellows. [Claim 3] 3. The chemical vapor deposition equipment of claim l,wherein the bushing is an aluminum alloy bushing. [Claim 4] 4. The chemical vapor deposition equipment of claim 1, wherein the ring is a Teflon ring. [Claim 5] 5. The chemical vapor deposition equipment of claim 1 , wherein the compressible body is a stainless steel body. [Claim 6] 6. The chemical vapor deposition equipment of claim 1 , wherein the compressible body further comprises a spring, and the adjustable pipe further comprises a Page 7 ofi8 *** PAGE 2 *** bolt positioned through the spring for providing a reaction force to the ring when the exhausted pipe presses against the ring. [Claim 7] 7. The chemical vapor deposition equipment of claim i,wherein the compressible body further comprises a rod, and the ring further comprises a slot for locking the rod to assemble the ring to the compressible body. [Claim 8] 8. An adjustable pipe implemented in a chemical vapor deposition equipment, comprising: a compressible body having a bellows; a bushing positioned inside the bellows, an end of the bushing connected to an exhaust end of the reactor; and a ring positioned at an end of the compressible body for connecting to an exhausted pipe. [Claim 9] 9. The adjustable pipe of claim 8, wherein the bellows is a welded bellows. [Claim 10] 10. The adjustable pipe of claim 8, wherein the bushing is an aluminum alloy bushing. [Claim 11] i i. The adjustable pipe of claim 8, wherein the ring is aTeflon ring. [Claim 12] 12. The adjustable pipe of claim 8, wherein the compressible body is a stainless steel body. Page 8 of i 8 *** PAGE 3 *** [Claim 13] 13. The adjustable pipe of claim 8, wherein the compressible body further comprises a spring, and the adjustable pipe further comprises a bolt positioned through the spring for providing a reaction force to the ring when the exhausted pipe presses against the ring. [Claim 14] 14. The adjustable pipe of claim 8, wherein the compressible body further comprises a rod, and the ring further comprises a slot for locking the rod to assemble the ring to the compressible body. Page 9 ofi8
+++./ocr/result/10981719-2004-11-05-00011-CLM.pdf.txt+++
10981719	*** PAGE 1 *** CLAIMS What is claimed is: 1. A system of interlocking storage bottles comprising: a plurality of storage bottles, each bottle having a storage chamber with an upper surface, a lower surface and at least four generally planar side walls; a central conical ceiling extending upwardly from the upper surface; a cylindrical neck extending from the center of the ceiling and having an opening at its top end; a conical recess in the lower surface of a size sufﬁcient to envelop the ceiling and neck of another storage bottle insertable therein; vertical interlocking means for releasably connecting each side wall to the side wall of another storage bottle stackable adjacent thereto; horizontal interlocking means for releasany connecting the upper surface to the lower surface of another storage bottle disposable thereabove. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein each storage bottle may be stacked in an upright position above, below or beside another upright storage bottle to form a stable bottle stack. *** PAGE 2 *** 10. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, further comprising at least one aperture between adjacent side walls to form a handle. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, further comprising a recess in at least one side wall for application thereto of a label. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein each of the storage bottles is a liquid storage bottle. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein each of the storage bottles is blow-molded. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein each of the storage bottles is manufactured of a polyethylene material. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein the size of the storage bottles is selected for use with industry stande drinking water dispensers. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein the vertical interlocking means comprises at least one recess on the side wall for engaging a corresponding protrusion on the side wall of another storage bottle. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein the horizontal interlocking means comprises at least one recess in the lower surface of the housing for engaging a corresponding protrusion on the upper surface of another storage bottle. *** PAGE 3 *** 1 l. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein the neck of each bottle further comprises an extemal thread for attachment thereto of a screw cap. 12. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, wherein the bottles in the stack of bottles are ﬁllable with a consumable material. 13. The system of interlocking storage bottles of claim 1, further comprising a locational transitional ﬁt between the neck of each storage bottle and the conical recess of another storage bottle into which the neck is nested. 14. A blow molded liquid storage bottle having a storage chamber, a conical ceiling in an upper surface, a lower surface, and at least four generally planar side walls; a cylindrical neck extending upwardly from the center of the conical ceiling and having an opening at its top end; . a conical recess extending upwardly from the lower surface of a size sufﬁcient to envelop the ceiling and neck of another storage bottle insertable therein; vertical interlocking means for releasany connecting each side wall to the side wall of another storage bottle stackable adjacent thereto; horizontal interlocking means for releasany connecting the upper surface to the lower surface of another storage bottle disposable thereabove. 15. The storage bottle of claim 14, further comprising at least one aperture between adjacent side walls to form a handle. *** PAGE 4 *** l6. 17. 18. 19. 20. 21. 22. The storage bottle of claim 14, further comprising a recess in at least one side wall for application thereto of a label. The storage bottle of claim 14, wherein the size of the storage bottle is selected for use with an industry standard drinking water dispenser. The storage bottle of claim 14, wherein the vertical interlocking means comprises at least one recess on the side wall for engaging a corresponding protrusion on the side wall of another storage bottle. The storage bottle of claim 14, wherein the horizontal interlocking means comprises at least one recess in the lower surface for engaging a corresponding protrusion on the upper surface of another storage bottle. The storage bottle of claim 14, wherein the neck further comprises an external thread for attachment thereto of a screw cap. The storage bottle of claim 14, further comprising means for identifying the contents to be stored in the storage bottle. The storage bottle of claim 14, further comprising a locational transitional ﬁt between the neck of the storage bottle and the conical recess of another storage bottle into which the neck is nested.
